Destiny 2 Update 8.2.6
Activities
Crucible
Trials of Osiris
Fixed an issue where the neutral Special ammo crates were spawning after 20s instead of after 30s on some maps.
Reduced the time it takes to capture the zone from 20s to 15s.
Added an action button to Flawless Trials Passages which will allow you to cycle your glow color.
Competitive
Fixed an issue which could sometimes cause loss forgiveness to fail when a team of all solos matched against a trio or duo fireteam.
Raids and Dungeons
Sundered Doctrine
Fixed an issue where timers were not visually functioning as intended with Finality's Auger equipped.
Vesper's Host
Fixed an issue when facing the Corrupted Puppeteer where the nuclear core could not be deposited after the wipe mechanic starts.
Warlord's Ruin
Fixed an issue that could cause a soft-lock after dying in the maze.
Garden of Salvation, Vault of Glass, King's Fall
Fixed issue where raid banners could be placed at the last moment before starting an encounter and kept after the encounter began.
Gameplay and Investment
Legendary Weapons
Hand Cannons
Heavy Burst

Increased ADS damage falloff scalar from 1.5x to 1.6x.
Adaptive - Judgement

Magazine size increased from 9 to 11.
Reload increased from 40 to 45.
Handling increased from 42 to 55.
Submachine Guns
Adaptive

Increased ADS damage falloff scalar from 1.4x to 1.5x.
Auto Rifles
High Impacts

Increased base damage by 4%.
Body shot goes from 23 to 24.
Critical hit goes from 41.4 to 43.2.
Precision

Increased base damage 3% and reduced the precision damage scalar slightly to offset this.
Body shot goes from 19.4 to 20.
Critical hit goes from 33.95 to 34.
Pulse Rifles
Legacy Frame

The Legacy Frame intrinsic perk now reduces ADS damage falloff scalar by 0.1.
This reduces Battler and Estoc's ADS damage falloff scalars from 1.7 to 1.6, matching High Impact Pulse Rifles.
Increased BxR Battler's Airborne Effectiveness stat - 10 to 21.
Rapid Fires

Increased base damage from 14.5 to 15.
Increased precision damage from 27.6 to 27.8.
Shotguns
Heavy Burst Slug

Increased damage by 8%.
Weapon perks
One Quiet Moment

Now has two stacks, one that activates after 1s of being out of combat for 50% of the bonus, and the other at 2s.
Alacrity

Now activates with partial effectiveness whenever a teammate dies. Reaches maximum effectiveness when two or more teammates are currently dead. Continues to activate when solo in PvE activities.
Note: Descriptions for both perks will be updated in a later release.

Exotic Weapons
Lord of Wolves
Reduced hip fire damage in PvE by 30%.
Riskrunner
Increased zoom from 13 to 14.
Truth
Increased the amount of ammo picked up from ammo crates in Crucible from 1 to 2.
Two-Tailed Fox
Increased the amount of ammo picked up from ammo crates in Crucible from 1 to 2.
Alethonym
Creating a Special ammo brick now only costs 50% energy. This allows for creating two Special bricks back-to-back if the weapon has 100% energy.
Reworded the Vestigial Alchemy trait description to be less confusing,
Finality's Auger
Increased the duration that a target is painted to match the duration of the turret.
The environmental target marker now marks additional targets that enter the zone after its initial creation.
Now grants an automatic reload from reserves after deploying a turret.
Reduced the turret's self-damage by 85%.
Increased the turret's damage by 10%.
Exotic Armor
Hunter
Radiant Dance Machines

Reduced the amount of energy refunded for defeats against players when you do not have full class ability energy from 33% to 20% to align it with the upper tier of the Strategist perk.
Reduced the bonuses granted to primary weapons when hip firing.
Aligned the hip fire bonuses to range and accuracy with the values granted by the Hip Fire Grip perk, instead of the Legacy Frame intrinsic perk.
Reduced accuracy bonus for standard weapons by 60%.
Reduced aim assist falloff distance bonus by 60%.
Further reduced the accuracy bonus for specific Exotic weapons by an additional 25%.
Developer note: based on the feedback we have gotten from mouse and keyboard (MnK) players using The Last Word with Radiant Dance Machines (RDM), we are looking into tuning the MnK-specific penalties down a bit in a future patch to make the weapon more usable on that input without requiring an Exotic.
Titan
Lion Rampants

Added the accuracy and range hip fire bonuses from RDMs to Lion Rampant for Primary ammo weapons only. These hip fire benefits are always active, not just when airborne.
The AE bonus is now always active, not just when you are hip firing while airborne.
The string will be updated to reflect the new functionality in a future patch.
Khepri's Horn

Fixed an issue where Ignitions caused by the waves of Solar energy would not stun Unstoppable Champions.
Warlock
Lunafaction Boots

Added the accuracy and range hip fire bonuses from RDMs to Lunafaction Boots for Primary ammo weapons only. These hip fire benefits are always active, not just when in a rift.
Decreased the range bonus granted by the Empowering Rift by 50% in PvP only to reduce occurrences of extremely long-range kills with short range weapons like Fusions and Slug Shotguns
The string will be updated to reflect the new functionality in a future patch.
Armor Customization
Hunter
Fixed an issue where the Antique Filigree Ornament caused the Hunter's arms to not cast a shadow.
Fixed an issue where the Spacewalk Cloak top cloth clips through lower parts.
Warlock
Fixed an issue where the front cloth on the Hermetic Robes Ornament clips through the character's legs.
Fixed an issue where the front cloth on the Plaguebreaker Robes Ornament clips through the character's legs.
Titan
Fixed an issue where Stoicism's Ornament Heart's Pledge does not display its hanging cloth when equipped or previewed on body types 2.
More info about how we will allow both looks on this Ornament here.
Abilities
Crucible Only
Prismatic Super Regen

Reduced Super cooldown penalty from 10% to 5%.
Scatter Grenade
Reduced scatter grenade damage vs. players by 15%.

Hunter
On the Prowl (Void Aspect)

Reduced PvP prey-finding range from 45m to 25m.
Reduced PvP hunt time from infinite to 15 seconds.
Reduced prey-finding cooldown from 0.5s to 0.1s (PvP and PvE).
Ability energy is now granted instantly instead of over time.
Withering Blade (Stasis and Prismatic melee)

Increased tracking strength by 20%.
Increased damage by 10%.
All Throwing Knife melees

Fixed an issue where throwing knives were not tracking correctly.
Tracking should be much more consistent now.
That said, you still need to aim - don't blame us if you miss on your own...
Lightweight Knife (Solar melee)

Increased tracking shape size by 10%.
Increased tracking strength by 20%.
Fan of Knives (Solar and Prismatic melee)

Increase tracking shape size by 15%.
Warlock
Incinerator Snap (Solar Melee)

Fixed an issue where cancelling the melee animation would propel and warp the character while airborne.
Lightning Surge (Arc Aspect)

Slightly increased the follow-up-melee suppression time after Lightning Surge to match Shoulder Charge and other similar abilities.
Lightning Surge now deals more guaranteed damage but less random damage vs. Players.
Combatants
Fixed an issue where Taken Phalanx enemies would always hold their shields up.
Regular Taken Phalanxes no longer hold their shields in front. Taken Phalanxes and Dire Taken Phalanxes shake and contort.
It's tough holding shields up for that long.
Fireteam Finder
Fixed an issue where the Sunless Cell Grandmaster Nightfall did not appear in Fireteam Finder.
General
Adjusted damage indicator to help alleviate potential photosensitivity issues.

Destiny 2 Update 8.2.5.5
Activities
Seasonal
Court of Blades
Responding to feedback about Lucent Hive weeks in the Expert rotator having out-of-band difficulty compared to the other factions:
Reduced health on Lucent Hive Guardian bosses.
On Expert, Lucent Hive Guardian bosses now have their Super abilities disabled until they are below 33% health.
In cases where multiple Lucent Hive Guardian bosses are present at once, only one gets its Super ability re-enabled.
Removed Lucent Hive Knights from the randomized fodder selection due to their ability to cause difficulty spikes on Expert.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Weapon fixes
Fixed an issue where Rocket Sidearms were not dealing self-damage.
Fixed an issue where Support Frame Auto Rifles were not applying their intrinsic elemental effects during Sundered Doctrine's second encounter.

Destiny 2 Update 8.2.5.4
Activities
Raid and Dungeons
Vesper's Host Dungeon
Fixed an issue where panels for Access Override Puzzle #3 were immune and preventing progress.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
General
Fixed an issue where the regular versions of The Palindrome and Lotus-Eater would drop with double perks.
Weapon perks
Fixed an issue where reloading weapons with the Runneth Over Origin trait would eventually cause Destiny 2 to run out of memory.
Abilities
Artifact
Fixed an issue where To Shreds was errantly buffing any ability damage.
To Shreds, you say. Tsk, tsk, tsk.

Destiny 2 Update 8.2.5.3
Activities 
Seasonal
Court of Blades
Fixed a potential soft-lock that could occur when defeating Shards of Hesrak too quickly after they appear.
Removed Dire Taken Captains from the randomized fodder selection due to their excessive burst damage on Expert difficulty.
See you never.
Crucible
Game Modes
Lockdown
Fixed an issue where the winning team could instantly win by allowing the losing team to capture all the zones.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Archetypes
Pulse Rifles
Redrix's Estoc: Reduced stats to bring it down a notch.
Range - 54 to 46.
Handling - 74 to 69.
Aim Assist - 82 to 80.
Machine Guns
General
Decreased the amount gained from Heavy Ammo crates in PvP.
When magazine size has 80 or less, should get 22 bullets.
Auto Rifles
Support Frame
Fixed hit detection against damageable non-combatants, such as the urns in the Nether.
Rocket Assisted Sidearms
Fixed an issue where detonations ignored certain object types, such as ammo.
Shoot to loot will now work properly on them.
Exotic Weapons
Thorn
Fixed an issue where the Soul Devourer buff appeared onscreen while the weapon was stowed.
Microcosm
Fixed an issue where Microcosm could not stun Overload champions when the Overload Trace Rifle artifact perk was active.
Weapon perks
Willing Vesel Origin Trait
Fixed the "Willing Vessel" origin trait not gaining stacks when Support Frame Autos restore health to allies.
Lone Wolf
Aim Assist when near allies decreased from 10 to 5.
Aim Assist when away from allies decreased from 20 to 10.
Airborne Effectiveness when near allies increased from 10 to 15.
Airborne Effectiveness when away from allies increased from 20 to 30.
Closing Time
All bonuses reduced by 50% on Special weapons.
Primary and Heavy weapons retain the original effect.
Weapon mods
Power of Ambition
Fixed an issue that allowed Swords with the Power of Ambition mod and the Relentless Strikes perk together to gain infinite ammo.

Destiny 2 Update 8.2.5.2
Activities
Seasonal
Episode Heresy
Court of Blades
Fixed a potential soft-lock when defeating a challenger with 0:00 left on the countdown timer.
Episode Revenant
Kell's Vengeance
Fixed an issue where the Devouring Essence debuff can duplicate during the fight against Skolas.
Raids and Dungeons
Fixed an issue where Vesper's Host would not be featured in the weekly rotations.
Crucible
Game Modes
Lockdown
Corrected an issue where the wrong VO was playing when rounds were won.
Revives are now enabled in the mode.
Heavy Ammo now spawns at 120s instead of 60s into a round.
Initial spawn points have been updated.
Neutralizing a zone will be required to prevent a triple cap, instead of just being on the zone.
Competitive
Point Gains / Losses
Increased the amount of points you can be given by the Skill Delta modifier for either beating or losing to a higher skill team.
Removed the ability for the Skill Delta modifier to reduce points given or increase points lost.
Solo vs. Fireteam Loss Forgiveness (Competitive and Trials)
Corrected an issue where solo players matched against a duo fireteam, or solo players match with a duo against a trio, could sometimes not gain loss protection.
There is still a known issue where a team of all solos matched against trios may not receive loss protection.
While these matches are rare (less than one percent of games for solos), we have modified our matchmaking parameters to further reduce the likelihood of these matches occurring while we continue to investigate.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Customization
Reverted the recent change to the Hunter Astral Stasis Drake Helmet.
For more information, check the 'Marks, Bonds, and Cloaks' section of the 03/20/2025 TWID.
Fixed an issue where the Mark of the Fallen Star ornament would improperly disable effects on some Exotic armors.
Weapons
Legendaries
Fixed an issue where Lotus-Eater showed incorrect numbers in its kill tracker.
Perks
Fixed an issue where Discord was not granting ammo to Glaives while active on projectile kills.
Exotics
Deterministic Chaos
Fixed an issue where anti-Champ capability were misbehaving with anti-Champ mods and Radiant.
Thorn
Fixed an issue where the Refined Soul buff was being removed upon stowing the weapon.
Power and Progression
Guardian Ranks
Fixed an issue where the Master Spelunker objective stated that Vesper's Host and not Sundered Doctrine was required for Guardian Rank 11.
Collections
The Frostflower Sparrow will now properly appear in Collections.

Destiny 2 Update 8.5.2.1
Activities
Crucible
Competitive

Points Gains/Losses
Increased the granularity of the performance bonus portion of the Rank rewards.
This will allow the performance bonus to grant additional positive points more often.
Increased the maximum amount the performance bonus can grant from +10 to +20.
Increased the maximum amount the contribution scalar can grant from +50 to +60.
Matchmaking
Fixed an issue where smurf protection could be erroneously applied to players who had been highly ranked in previous seasons but placed lower than expected this season.
This was increasing the effective rank that these players were matching in, leading to the reports of lower ranked players matching against players at higher ranks.
Trials of Osiris

Fixed an issue where the double loot modifier was being applied twice for post-game Adept weapon drops.
Raids and Dungeons
Sundered Doctrine

Fixed an issue where the final boss could be defeated using pressure doors.
Pyramid Ships are dangerous places...
Fixed an issue where alternate characters that completed the quest could not collect the class item.
Alternate characters with no focus set can collect class item from focus chest.
Alternate characters with a focus set, will need to set it to the class item to collect from focus chest.
Episode: Heresy
Court of Blades

Fixed an issue where the Ritual of Greed armament pickups could be acquired by another player who had also purchased the armament.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Updated Temptations Hook to match damage profiles of other modern Caster Frame Swords.
Exotic Weapons
Slayer's Fang
Fixed an issue where Slayer's Fang would stun Overload Champions but did not stop their constant health regeneration.
Barrow Dyad
Fixed an issue where Barrow Dyad couldn't be crafted if the player had unlocked the fourth intrinsic.
Weapon Perks
Fixed an issue where weapons with the Subjugation origin trait would not exhaust boss, miniboss, and Champion combatants.
Fixed an issue where Explosive Payload's damage was not being scaled correctly by some perks like Magnificent Howl and Master of Arms.
Abilities
Fixed an issue where players could spawn infinite orbs with no cooldown after using a Relic.
Artifact
Fixed an issue where the Piercing Sidearms perk granted by Tablet of Ruin wasn't piercing some types of shields.
General
"Winged Victory" Holochip has been renamed to "Taking Flight" so as to not be confused with the new ship with the same name.
Fixed an issue where the Triumphant ornament required Season Pass ownership to purchase.
Fixed an issue where the "Taking Flight" Holochip's tooltip would not indicate that it was previously purchased.

Destiny 2 Update 8.2.5
Activities
Seasonal
The Nether
Reduced damage taken from Sharpshooter's Burden.
Reduced damage taken to health from Fragile Strength.
Fixed an issue where Paracasual Payload was not providing Kinetic weapons with extra damage.
Fixed an issue where Paracausal Siphon was not proving buffs to elemental damage.
Other
Fixed an issue where lore books were not being correctly rewarded.
Crucible
General
Fixed an issue where Lockdown did not award or display medals.
Matchmaking
Trials of Osiris and Competitive playlists
Enabled solo vs. fireteam loss forgiveness
Duos and trios can now be matched together
Competitive
Enabled the new Ascendant 0 rank for players above 10000.
Wins while in the Ascendant 0 rank have a chance to drop the new "Darkest Night" emblem.
Rebalanced the rank-based matchmaking brackets to account for this new rank.
Fixed an issue that was preventing players from being awarded the fixed roll of Redrix's Estoc upon completing their placement matches.
Players who never earned this roll can claim it from Lord Shaxx.
Fixed an issue that was blocking players from being able to focus previous Competitive rewards.
Iron Banner
Fixed an issue where the weekly challenge referenced Stasis instead of Strand.
Dungeons and Raids
Vesper's Host
Fixed an issue in the first encounter where a nuclear core wouldn't spawn even after activating all the correct panels.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Hunter
Sealed Ahamkara Grasps

Fixed an issue where Nightmare Fuel's damage bonus would be reduced by 5% while Radiant.
Fixed an issue where your held weapon would not receive the Nightmare Fuel damage buff after getting a melee or finisher final blow without Nightmare Fuel active.
This does not apply if Nightmare Fuel was already active when getting a melee or finisher kill. If the Nightmare Fuel meter is not empty, the damage boost is active.
Radiant Dance Machines

Fixed an issue that could cause extra dodge charges to be lost when transitioning between bubbles in various activities.
Shards of Galanor

Fixed an issue where this Exotic could refund energy for any Super, instead of just Blade Barrage and Silk Strike.
Relativism - Spirit of Galanor

Fixed an issue where Spirit of Galanor was refunding less energy than intended for non-roaming Supers.
Titan
No Backup Plans

Fixed an issue where the intended Shotgun damage bonus would be reduced by 5% while Radiant.
Khepri's Horn

Fixed an issue where the Solar waves from Khepri's Horn would not break Stasis crystals.
Hazardous Propulsion

Fixed an issue where the benefit from the "Enhanced Rockets" buff would be reduced by 5% while Radiant.
Armor customization
Fixed an issue where Warlock and Titan leg armor from Sundered Doctrine was not available for transmog.
Fixed an issue where the Stasis armor sets did not show their correct name.
Weapons
General
Fixed an issue where the Vault of Glass (Timelost) weapons did not have the proper flavor text.
Fixed an issue where enhanced/crafted weapons with some new weapon perks couldn't obtain a masterwork border.
Fixed an issue where the Adept Shader for Trials weapons was not correctly changing colors based on the state of the glow.
Weapon archetypes
Wave-Frame Swords

Fixed an issue where the wave attack did not do damage in PvP.
Lightweight Pulse Rifles

Body shot damage against players reduced from 20.4 to 19.7.
Critical hit damage against players reduced from 31.8 to 31.5.
Note: This is still a damage increase over their values pre-8.1.5.3, but it does shift some of the forgiveness and optimal kill thresholds downward.
Redrix's Estoc
Reduced handling from 79 to 74.
Weapon perks
Sword Logic

PvP only
Reduced base damage bonus for kills against players from 20% to 15%.
Increased damage bonus for kills against players in Super from 35% to 50%.
Enhanced Collective Action

Fixed an issue where the perk was not activating when collecting Stasis Shards created by Prismatic fragments.
Enhanced Slideways

Fixed an issue where the perk had a shorter than intended duration.
Discord and Harmony

Fixed an issue where both perks had their countdown start before switching to the weapon with the perk.
Abilities
All Classes
Prismatic

Facet of Blessing
Fixed an issue where final blows from certain melee abilities, such as Consecration and Thunderclap, were not triggering health regeneration.
Hunter
Nightstalker

Smoke debuff
No longer slows player movement speed, jump height, or weapon handling in PvP.
No longer suppresses player movement abilities in PvP.
On the Prowl
Removed first-person glow from hunted player's perspective.
Reduced strength of glow on hunted players in third person.
Artifact
Fixed an issue where the Piercing Sidearms perk granted wasn't piercing some types of shields.
Power and Progression
Fixed an issue where the new Iron Banner weapons did not progress the Orimund's Taste Triumph.
Collections
Fixed an issue where the Artificial Sun Ornament for Lodestar appeared under the Pulse Rifle section in Collections.
Fixed an issue where the Chatterwhite shader did not appear in Collections.
General
Updated the international Silver purchase confirmation to use the current Episode's art.

Destiny 2 Update 8.2.0.2
Activities
Episode: Heresy
Fixed an issue where Sigil Stones could drop from defeated combatants much faster than intended.
Crucible
Trials of Osiris

Reduced how much going Flawless affects Weekly Performance Based matchmaking for solo players.
Lighthouse Passages can no longer be reset from the Director if a loss has not been recorded on the passage.
Fixed an issue where the Seasonal and Lifetime Flawless Passages trackers were incorrect.
Fixed an issue where wins were not correctly granting progress points towards Ghosts dropping.
Competitive

Rank point gains and losses have been adjusted.
Increased the effectiveness of the quitter compensation aspect of the contribution scalar.
Reduced the number of points that the skill modifier can add or remove.
Dungeons and Raids
Sundered Doctrine

Mission Complete should now fire shortly after defeating Kerrev and receiving loot unless players are actively trying to open the vault door.
Fixed an issue where the drop rate for Finality's Auger was not properly scaling with boosts from Triumphs.
In addition, all players that complete Sundered Doctrine will receive an additional boost to its initial drop rate.
Fixed an issue where opening one of the hidden chests could lock that character out of acquiring focused gear for that week.
Fixed an issue where hidden chests could despawn shortly after being opened.
Fixed an issue where Pyramid Switches could be activated by AOE damage sources.
Exotic Missions
Zero Hour

Fixed an issue preventing players from completing the activity which also affected rewards and pursuit progress.
Zero Hour has been reenabled.
Gameplay and Investment
Exotic Armor
Hunter

Blight Ranger
Cancelling Arc Staff with Blight Ranger now triggers Bolt Charge.
Titan

Arbor Warden
Arbor Warden's "Barri-nade" now picks up the benefits of Storm's Keep.
Warlock

Speaker's Sight
Fixed an issue where the Speaker's Sight healing turret was healing more than intended in The Nether.
Solipsism - Spirit of Filaments
Fixed an issue that caused Spirit of the Filaments to not reward class ability energy properly.
Solipsism - Spirit of Necrotic
Fixed an issue where Spirit of Necrotic was granting Devour.
Weapons
General

Fixed an issue where Redrix's Estoc could not roll with random Stocks.
Fixed an issue where, after unlocking a pattern from Vault of Glass, the Deepsight mod socket would still appear visible.
Exotic Weapons

Lodestar
Reduced the damage fall off range when fired from the hip.
Fixed an unintended aim assist disparity between mouse/keyboard and controller when using Lodestar's hip fire.
Finality's Auger
Fixed an issue where the turret could linger after swapping to another Heavy weapon.
Barrow-Dyad
Fixed an issue causing Barrow Dyad's particles to not render correctly when impacting Phalanx shields.
Abilities
Warlock

Fixed an issue where Ionic Sentry turret damage/kills did not count as ability damage/kills.
Fixed an issue causing Bolt Charge to discharge when healing an ally with a Rift.
Hunter

Fixed an issue causing roaming Supers to end early when using Ascension.
Artifact

Updated Flashover to no longer provide increased Bolt Charge lightning bolt damage vs players in PvP.
Fixed an issue where the boost from Volatile Marksman was providing class ability energy on any instance of splash damage instead of just Volatile detonations.
To compensate for the reduction:
Increased Class Ability energy on Volatile detonation to 9% (from 7%).
Reduced cooldown to 0.1s (from 0.35s).
Fixed an issue where Particle Reconstruction was stacking with other debuffs.
Fixed an Issue where Particle Reconstruction couldn't be applied by certain Fusion Rifles.
General

Fixed an issue with Facet of Hope that was contributing to players receiving BIRD errors.
General
Fixed an issue causing the Eris vendor on the Moon to T pose.
Fixed an issue with shield regen audio looping continuously in The Nether.
Fixed an issue where the Wish-Ending Bundle and the Rat King Bundle could appear owned, even if never purchased.
Fixed a labeling issue affecting some Weapon Ornament bundles.

Destiny 2 Update 8.2.0.1
Activities
Seasonal
Heresy
The Nether

Fixed an issue where several healing sources were providing less health restoration than intended.
Fixed an issue where some perks could kickstart passive health restoration, resulting in more health restoration than intended.
Fixed an issue that was causing a high rate of #guitar errors.
The Nether Exploration

Adjusted some scaling values in addition to the above healing sources changes.
We will continue to monitor how challenging the solo experience feels.
Revenant

Fixed an issue where some versions of Onslaught, Tomb of Elders, and Kell's Fall were missing modifiers.
Fixed an issue where Major Fieldworks could not be accessed.
Dungeons and Raids
General

Fixed an issue where raids and dungeons showed burns and surges.
Exotic Missions
The Whisper

Fixed an honestly amazing issue where Tulgorh, Aspect of Agony was somehow replaced by Jimmy, Aspect of Placeholding.
We wish you the best, Jimbo!
Back to work, Tulgorh.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Exotic Armor
Hunter

Radiant Dance Machine
Temporarily excluded The Last Word and Dead Man's Tale from getting the hip-fire range and accuracy buffs provided by this Exotic.
We will revisit this in a future update to enable them to interact with the Exotic in a more balanced manner.
Retuned the dodge refund portion.
Reduced the amount of energy gained from Primary weapon kills against Guardians from 100% to 33% when class ability energy is not full.
With full class ability energy, triggering the effect will continue to grant an additional temporary charge
Temporary charges are removed on death, after use, or on phase transitions.
Armor Ornaments

Fixed an issue where the Chain Piston Ornament for Synthoceps was not present in the armor inspection menu.
Weapons
Exotic Weapons

Fixed an issue where Microcosm could get Heavy ammo from picking up Special ammo bricks. The weapon has been re-enabled game wide.
Weapon perks

Fixed an issue where Auto-Loading Holster could be activated without stowing the weapon.
Weapon Ammo

Fixed an issue where standard PvE ammo bricks were granting less ammunition than intended.
Abilities
Artifact

Fixed an issue where the Overload Machine Gun perk was not granting Overload to Machine Guns.
Bounties and Pursuits
Fixed an issue where the Vault of Glass Deepsight weapon pursuit on Hawthorne was not visible.
This pursuit can be completed once a week per account for a guaranteed Deepsight weapon.
Collections
Fixed an issue where the Lunar New Year accessories did not appear in Collections.
General
Fixed a weapon issue that could cause a #guitar error or the game to crash

Destiny 2 Update 8.2.0
Activities
Episode Heresy

The final Episode for the year of Destiny 2: The Final Shape has begun.
Get in there, Guardians.
Crucible
Trials of Osiris

Rewards
Added new rewards, including an armor set, Ghost Shell, ship, Sparrow, and emblem.
No longer requires Flawless to earn most rewards.
Moved Trials away from a Flawless-based system to a "get seven wins on a card" system that rewards win streaks, with multiple tiers and exclusive aesthetic rewards for higher win streaks.
Improved the base reward structure of Trials.
Pinnacle Challenges now award Trials armor in addition to the Pinnacle gear.
Increased the amount of reputation gained on losses by 10x and added a new bonus that is earned by playing in a fireteam with clanmates.
Added a new set of base rewards for wins and losses that will be added to the existing Trios completion rewards, but for players in any fireteam configuration.
Passages - To help simplify the process, we have reduced the number of passages available to players from Saint-14 to two, one for each initial experience.
Lighthouse Passage
All you need to do is win seven games on a Lighthouse Passage and you will earn entrance to the Lighthouse, regardless of how many losses are on the card.
The Lighthouse Chest rewards are now broken up into two types:
Repeatable rewards that you can earn every time you complete a Lighthouse Passage and open the chest.
Weekly win streak rewards (from one to seven wins in a row), which can be earned once per week and must be true win streaks; there are no mercies here.
Trials Passage
We want to provide a separate place in Trials that is more like Iron Banner in terms of rewards and matchmaking to get additional players into the ecosystem.
Utilizes Weekly Performance-Based Matchmaking if everyone in your fireteam is on a Completed Lighthouse, Flawless, or Trials Passage.
Trials of Osiris Passage provides a healthy reputation bonus of 75 - 150 per win, depending on your current rank with Saint-14.
Skill

Changed how skill is tracked and updated for all modes.
Objectives are now on par with base kills for points.
Additional points are granted for kills that are in service to the objective.
Removed multiple "farmable" points like damage dealt, revives, and longest kill streak.
Player Score Stat and Post Game Scoreboards

A new stat called Player Score is displayed on our post-game scoreboards, which is a direct reflection of how many points you earned towards updating your skill rating in a game.
The post-game scoreboards of all modes now show Opponents Defeated and Combat Efficiency.
Added additional stats to the scoreboards of more modes, including Longest Chain (highest multi-kill medal) and Longest Streak.
Playlist Reorganization and Consolidation

Core Game Modes
Control - 6v6, Outlier Protection
Competitive - 3v3, Rank Based
Rumble - FFA, Open Skill
Private Matches
Quickplay Rotators - - Available Game Mode for each changes weekly
Quickplay - 6v6, Open Skill.
Clash, Supremacy, Zone Control, Rift, Relic
Small Team Quickplay - Small teams (2v2, 3v3, 4v4), Open Skill.
Doubles - 2v2 Clash
Elimination Variants - 3v3 Elimination, Dominion, Countdown, Survival
Competitive Respawn Variants - 3v3 Countdown Rush and Showdown, 4v4 Lockdown
Modified Quickplay - Various team sizes (3v3, 4v4, 6v6), Open Skill. Added new variants of Checkmate and Hardware.
Checkmate Variants - 6v6 Control and 4v4 Throwback (Survival, Showdown, Countdown Rush)
Hardware Variants - 6v6 Supremacy and 3v3 Hardcore (Elimination, Countdown, Dominion)
Other Modifiers - 6v6 Momentum Control, Mayhem Clash, Scorched Clash
Events
Iron Banner Control - 6v6, Outlier Protection, replaces Control.
Iron Banner Quickplay Rotator - 6v6, Open Skill, replaces Quickplay.
Tribute, Fortress, Eruption
Trials of Osiris - 3v3, Open Skill / Weekly Performance, replaces Small Team Quickplay.
Dominion
Guardian Games Quickplay - 6v6, Open Skill, replaces Quickplay.
Supremacy
Crucible Labs - Various modes, Open Skill, replaces either Quickplay, Small Team Quickplay, or Modified Quickplay depending on what mode is being tested.
Crucible Specific Ability Tuning

Baseline Crucible ability cooldown penalty increased from 15% to 20%.
Supers go from 20% to 25%.
Prismatic Only
Unpowered Knockout melees will no longer spawn Diamond Lances on kills against players.
Active energy refund on Prismatic decreased by 20% in Crucible.
This affects energy refunds from things like Gambler's Dodge, Shiver Strike, and armor mods, but generally excludes Exotic effects.
Added a 10% cooldown penalty to Supers so that there is more of a tradeoff to picking these subclasses in modes where Super timing can be vitally important, like Trials or Competitive.
Lobby Balance

We have made some changes to the Paired Player lobby balancer so that it will fall back to the Average Lobby Rank balancer less often when dealing with fireteams.
Map Weighting

6v6 Game Modes:
Reduced Vostok and Multiplex from average weight to below average weight.
Increased Burnout from average weight to above average weight.
Competitive:
Removed Citadel Clash and Multiplex Clash from rotation (these were previously at very low weight).
Removed Radiant Cliffs Clash from rotation (this was previously at average weight).
Increased weight of Burnout Clash and Dead Cliffs Clash from above average to high weight to compensate.
Game Mode Rules

Dominion
Zone now spawns after 40s, instead of 30s.
Zone takes 20s to capture, up from 15s.
Neutral Special ammo crate spawns at 30s, instead of 20s.
Showdown
Revives no longer subtract a point from the opposing team.
Competitive Collision
New logic will prevent the next zone from spawning too near to the active zone.
Contesting a zone will now flip it to neutral so neither team gains points, as opposed to the current behavior where the team that owns the zone continues to accrue points while it is in the contested state.
The new zone will now show up 20 seconds before it opens, instead of 15 seconds, to give teams more time to move to the new area and contest the capture.
Zone Control
Decrease the frequency of Heavy ammo spawning to align it to regular Crucible modes like control at two minutes per spawn (120 seconds) from previously 60-second intervals.
Remove Heavy ammo locations to non-neutral areas such as zones A and C locations to make acquiring Heavy ammo more fair.
Iron Banner Tribute
Kills now contribute points.
The second hunt now appears dynamically based on the score achieved during the first hunt.
Dunking crests now grants Super energy.
Competitive

The quit protection timer has been increased to 90 seconds, to make sure that if a player is AFK at the beginning of the match and gets kicked, their teammates will still benefit from the loss forgiveness.
Competitive Point System Rework
Removed the expected rank system entirely and streamlined the point gains and losses.
Wins and losses - Add or remove a base value of 100 points.
Performance bonus - Linked to Player Score and Efficiency, rewards between -10 and +10 points.
Contribution scalar - This system can grant a bonus of up to +50 to either reduce the points lost on defeat or grant additional points for a win, and will be utilized in two circumstances:
First, to help offset occurrences where some players contributed significantly more to the outcome of the game than others.
Second, it can also be applied as quitter compensation when a player has left earlier in the match, but the remaining players continue to finish it out.
Skill Modifier - Based on the opposing team's average skill compared to your team's average skill. Capped at -20 to +20.
Raids and Dungeons
Salvation's Edge

Changed the memento acquisition criteria for Salvation's Edge and Garden of Salvation Raids.
No-wipe completions are no longer required, only a full clear.
A full clear has a chance to grant the memento once per week per class in normal difficulties and can drop repeatedly in master mode.
Fixed an issue that prevented combatants from withdrawing when the Witness is defeated.
Adjusted the Witness limb shaders to improve legibility when colorblind modes are enabled.
Vesper's Host

Fixed an issue where operator panels could be activated by splash damage, reducing the likelihood of accidental activation by player abilities and weapons with area of effect.
Last Wish

Updated Queenswalk buff to be displayed at the top of the HUD as with other critical buffs/debuffs.
Gameplay and Investment
Exotic Armor
Hunter

Dragons Shadow and Spirit of the Dragon
Updated Wraithmail Metal to show a timer next to the buff.
Fixed an issue where Wraithmail metal had a lower priority than intended.
Foetracer
Increased the bonus weapon damage duration from 10 seconds to 15 seconds.
Gwisin Vest
Now progresses its Super returns on Super hits as well as kills before becoming invisible.
Improved the maximum possible Super energy gains per return while also increasing the amount of progress needed for maximum gains.
Now also emits a cloud of weakening smoke when you exit invisibility while nearby an enemy.
Works both in neutral and while in Super.
Radiant Dance Machines
Improves airborne effectiveness and hip fire mobility, range, and accuracy for Primary ammo weapons.
Multi-kills with Primary ammo weapons refund dodge energy. When dodge energy is full, multi-kills grant extra charges. Powerful combatants and Guardians count as more than one kill.
Renewal Grasps
Doubled rate of Frost armor gain while in the enhanced Duskfield grenade.
Sealed Ahamkhara Grasps
Reworked with a weapon-swapping focus to differentiate it from other Hunter reload Exotics.
Perk description now reads as follows:
Powered melee and finisher final blows grant Nightmare Fuel, increasing handling and airborne effectiveness. While active, freshly drawn weapons deal additional damage and grant Nightmare Fuel on final blows. Gaining Nightmare Fuel reloads all holstered weapons.
Triton Vice
Reduced the delay before the explosion happens on Glaive projectile kills.
Relativism - Spirit of Galanor
Reduced the maximum amount of energy refunded for Silkstrike and Golden Gun to 30% (down from 50%).
Relativism - Spirit of the Foetracer
Spirit of the Foetracer has inherited the changes made to Foetracer.
Relativism - Spirit of the Dragon
Spirit of the Dragon has inherited the changes made to The Dragon's Shadow.
Titan

Citan's Ramparts
Removed several downsides applied by Assault Barricade to bring it in line with base Towering Barricade behavior. Cumulatively, these changes result in a Towering barricade you can shoot through with no other downsides while Citan's is equipped (in PVE - see below).
Increased barricade health from 400 to 500.
No longer increases barricade cooldown.
No longer decreases barricade duration.
Further increased damage dealt to Citan's barricades by Guardians from 125% to 160%.
This results in near-identical effective barricade health in PVP (~2.5% less after these changes).
Eternal Warrior
Final blows with Fists of Havoc now grant extended Super duration.
An Insurmountable Skullfort
Now grants energy to Arc melee abilities when hitting targets with melee attacks. Amount granted varies based on the melee used.
From most to least energy granted: Powered melees, non-Glaive unpowered melees while Knockout is active, and unpowered melees (including Glaives).
Khepri's Horn
Now sends out three waves of flame instead of a single one when you cast your barricade.
These waves no longer return towards the barricade - they only travel outwards once.
Tracking on the waves has been enhanced.
Combatants damaged by these waves are enveloped in a Sunspot. Players are enveloped if they are defeated.
Now requires a Solar Super to be equipped to create the flame waves from the barricade.
Ursa Furiosa
Blocking damage with Unbreakable now returns grenade energy instead of Super energy.
Grenade energy is returned at the end of Unbreakable and is scaled based on the amount of damage you blocked with it.
Wormgod's Caress
Fixed an issue where the timer would still display in players' buff tray after switching off the Exotic.
Stoicism - Spirit of the Bear
Spirit of the Bear has inherited the changes made to Ursa Furiosa.
Stoicism - Spirit of the Horn
Spirit of the Horn has inherited the changes made to Khepri's Horn. On Thruster, Sprit of the Horn will now emit four waves in an X-pattern.
Warlock

Crown of Tempests
Adjusted gating to more robustly support Prismatic Warlock by expanding the granted ability regeneration to all elements.
Description was updated to match:
While you have an Arc ability equipped, Arc ability or Jolt final blows increase the recharge rate of your abilities and extend the duration of Stormtrance.
Geomag Stabilizers
Added a new perk: "Sprinting while near max static charge will top it off."
Starts at six stacks of static charge.
Readded effects where the boots spark while running near full max static charge.
Increased Super energy gained from ionic traces from 2% to 7%.
Mantle of Battle Harmony
Fixed an issue allowing players to extend Song of Flame.
The Stag
Fixed an issue preventing The Stag from dropping a healing rift on death.
Secant Filaments
Now grants class ability energy for each final blow while devour is active.
Skull of Dire Ahamkara
Now correctly requires Nova Bomb to be equipped to get the bonus Super energy from kills while devour is active.
Speaker's Sight (and Edge of Intent)
Healing Turret now only target's damaged allies.
Stormdancer's Brace
Increased the damage benefit per stack of Ascending amplitude from 10% to 20%.
Now also reduces the cost of Ionic Blink during Super by 50%.
Reduced the maximum amount of energy refunded from 50% down to 30%.
Verity's Brow
Now uses a meter to track Death Throes. This means it decays down through the tiers rather than falling off completely when the duration expires.
New durations per tier:
T1 - 8s
T2 - 7s
T3 - 6s
T4 - 5s
T5 - 4s
Bonus grenade recharge per tier:
T1 - 0.5% per second
T2 - 1% per second
T3 - 1.5% per second
T4 - 2% per second
T5 - 2.5% per second
Solipsism - Spirit of Harmony
Spirit of the Harmony has inherited the changes made to Mantle of Battle Harmony.
Solipsism - Spirit of the Filaments
Spirit of the Filaments has inherited the changes made to Secant Filaments.
Exotic Class Item

Spirit of Verity
Spirit of the Verity has inherited the changes made to Verity's Brow. Additionally, it now provides bonus grenade recharge rate but provides 50% of the base Verity's Brow Exotic.
Weapons
Global

Temporal AA - Aiming at a target for a short time will prevent another target moving very quickly across your reticle from dragging your aim off it. Controller only.
Weapon Archetypes & Subfamilies

Aggressive-Frame Fusion Rifles
Reworked Aggressive-frame Fusion Rifles like Coriolis Effect.
Now fire three bursts of four pellets in increasingly wide spreads.
Increased minimum damage when outside of range from 45% to 65%.
Increased range falloff start by 4m relative to normal Fusions.
Increased range falloff end by 3m relative to other Fusions.
+15% damage vs. minor and major combatants.
Fusion Rifles
Increased damage by 30% vs. minor, major, champion and miniboss targets.
Glaives
Significantly increased Aim Assist (AA), Magnetism and Damage Falloff Ranges.
Enabled a small amount of tracking on the projectile by default.
Increased baseline effects for:
Handling speeds, including shield ready speed.
Magazine size
Projectile speed
Reload speed
Final hit of the melee combo deals double damage.
Also deals more flinch to combatants
Heavy Linear Fusion Rifles
Branched the flinch taken so that they are no longer affected by the flinch nerfs targeted at Special ammo Linear Fusion Rifles in Crucible.
Rocket Sidearms
Intent is to make them slightly worse at add clear, harder to use at long range against moving targets and not as strong against bosses, but maintain the same total damage against a single target.
Reduced PvE detonation scalar from 4 to 2.3.
Increased PvE impact scalar from 1 to 2.
Reduced AA falloff and maximum distance by 8m.
Reduced magnetism falloff and maximum distance by 8m.
Reduced damage by 30% vs. boss, vehicle and miniboss targets.
Buried Bloodline's body shot damage is unaffected, critical hit damage is buffed by 8%.
The range stat was vestigial on the weapon subfamily and made the stat count on the weapon too high, so we've removed it, range masterworks and enhanced intrinsics will be replaced with Blast Radius.
Increased starting ammo and ammo gained from dropped bricks in Crucible.
Support-Frame Auto Rifles
Range now scales how far away you can heal another Guardian: 28 meters at 0 range, 38 meters at 100 range.
Swords
Wave-frame Swords now use a significantly wider wave particle effect to match their actual area of effect.
Adjusted particle effect that plays when a Sword's ammunition is depleted or restored. This VFX now only plays when the Sword is equipped, and resolved an issue where the effect could play at the character's feet under certain circumstances.
PvE Weapon Damage Changes

Auto Rifles
+10% vs. minors and majors
Linear Fusion Rifles
+10% vs. all combatants
Power Grenade Launchers
-10% vs. bosses
Rapid Fire GL bonus reserves reduced from +25% to +15%.
Scout Rifles
+15% vs. minors.
+30% vs. majors.
SMGs
+5% vs. minors
Trace Rifles
+20% vs. minors
Weapon Perks

Ambitious Assassin
Removed time requirements on the perk to make it more comparable to Envious Assassin, as this perk requires you to use ammo for the weapons this perk is on.
Destabilizing Rounds
Now grants volatile rounds for 2s if any targets are hit by the volatile burst from the initial final blow.
Reduced internal cooldown from 4s to 1.5s.
Flash Counter
Reworked to read: "Taking damage after guarding emits a disorienting blast."
No longer requires a timed input or melee to trigger.
Deals damage in a large cone in front of you, disorienting combatants.
Full Court
Now scales the detonation and burn damage of Area-denial Grenade Launchers.
Grave Robber
Fixed an issue where players could not activate Grave Robber with Song of Flame melee.
Loose Change
Doubled duration, from 4.5 to 9s for base, 5s to 10s for enhanced.
Psycohack
Set it up to use the new shared "Exhaust" verb instead of a custom variant.
Fixed an issue where Indomitability was not functioning as intended when playing a Prismatic subclass.
Fixed an issue where the Sever duration granted by the Slice perk was not being extended by Thread of Continuity.
Fixed an issue where Glaive melee attacks against Stasis Crystals wouldn't trigger Rimestealer.
Exotic Weapons

Class Exotic Glaives
Special shot is no longer tied to Glaive energy.
It is now driven off a perk looking for six hits to allow the special reload.
Increments off both shots and melee hits.
Hunter
Also gains Jolting Feedback perk.
Titan
Also gains Destabilizing Rounds perk.
Warlock
Added Cure pulse to special shot impact.
Also gains Incandescent perk.
Centrifuse
Increased mag size to 45.
The Colony
Increased detonation damage by 40%. This puts its damage per shot a little above Legendary Drum Grenade Launchers.
Increased number of bots spawned by one for all enemy tiers except players:
Player: 1
Minor: 1->2
Elite/Major: 2->3
Champion/Miniboss/Boss: 5->6
DARCI
Added a new perk - Networked Targeting
Hits with Personal Assistant active grant you and nearby allies improved overall weapon performance and precision damage with non-Exotic Sniper Rifles.
Improves recoil, flinch, target acquisiton, handling and precision fraction.
Stacks 5x.
DARCI also gets this buff itself.
DARCI user also gets +15% damage after granting five stacks to a teammate.
Dead Messenger, Hard Light and Borealis
The Fundamentals:
New effect: Grants a 30% damage buff (10% in PvP) to this weapon when you apply or receive an elemental keyword that matches the currently selected damage type of this weapon.
Removed Effect: No longer grants different stats based on selected element.
Borealis only: Increased Stability by 20 and Aim Assist by 10 to permanently grant it the Void element bonus that it will no longer have access to, since Borealis is a sleeper pick in PvP.
This bonus was selected over Arc, since there are more ways to gain Handling.
Delicate Tomb
Increased the chance to make an Ionic Trace from minor combatants from 4% to 10%.
Increased the PvE damage bonus on the Tempest Cascade shot from 30% to 100%.
Removed the timer from Tempest Cascade. Lasts until fired.
The Fourth Horseman
Reduced the rate of fire slightly.
Return ammo from reserves to the magazine per kill.
The Legend of Acrius
Reduced spread by 33%.
Damage Falloff Distance Start set to 1.75 (down from 2.5).
Increased range/projectile max distance to 18 (up from 12).
Lord of Wolves
Increased range, reduced base damage.
Removed accuracy penalties from standard fire mode.
Release the Wolves now triggers on hip fire instead of special reload.
Fires full auto.
Greatly increased damage and rate of fire.
Reduced accuracy and range.
Catalyst
Reload Speed and Stability boosts are now built in.
When Release the Wolves is active, dealing damage to targets scorches them.
When aiming down sights (ADS), defeating targets spreads scorch to nearby combatants.
Lorentz Driver
Picking up a bounty tag now grants one ammo to the mag.
Triggering Lagrangian Sight by picking up a bounty tag adds six ammo to the mag, the first time you trigger it.
Goes back to adding one per tag on extensions while the buff remains active.
Manticore
Updated the art for the perk progress bar in the weapon reticle.
The Queenbreaker
Can now swap between its two scopes using special reload that also alters the weapon's firing behavior:
Marksman Sights fires a single-shot bolt that chains to nearby targets and blinds them on hit.
Combat Sights fires a three-round burst that decreases charge time even further on sustained damage.
While the scopes can be swapped between at any time, selecting the scope node in the inspection screen lets players choose which scope they want equipped by default when spawning in.
Increased the search range of the chain projectiles from eight meters to ten meters.
Quicksilver Storm
Partially rolled back The Final Shape change: reduced shots required to trigger a rocket by 17%.
Telesto
Harbinger's Pulse:
Now only refills Telesto's ammo from reserves (instead of Telesto and your Kinetic slot weapon).
Now triggers with any Void kill, not just Telesto kills.
Kill requirement increased from twoi to three; however, Telesto kills count double (in other words, will trigger off of two Telesto kills, one Telesto kill + one other Void kill, or three other Void kills).
Multikill timer increased from two seconds to 4.5 seconds.
Catalyst
New perk: Harbinger Vestiges
After three activations of Harbinger's Pulse, special reload the weapon to cause a rain of Telesto projectiles on your next direct hit.
Wardcliff Coil
New intrinsic effect: Grants 1 stack of Static Charge to all nearby allies for each two rockets fired (four instances per trigger pull).
Vexcalibur
Triggering Perpetual Loophole now also fills your Glaive energy.
Slightly increased overshield trickle-on rate when guarding.
Vexcalibur's secret damage bonus when striking with its projectiles against a certain enemy factionhas been increased from 10% to 25% to match Wish-Ender and Malfeasance.
Vexcalibur now briefly disorients non-boss Vex with its melee attack.
Fixed Collective Obligation not being able to leech suppression from tethered targets.
Suppressed VFX from the Winterbite Exotic during emotes and other performance actions.
Fixed an issue where Choir of One wasn't applying proper bonus damage to frozen enemies.
Fixed an issue where Tommy's Matchbook could continue to apply scorch to enemies even if it was not hitting them.
General

Added new weapon mods to their appropriate Collections menu.
Overload effects will now use shared "Exhaust" verb.
Fixed an issue where curated rolls of Guardian Games weapons acquired during Season of Defiance could not swap perks and could not properly gain enhanced perks.
Fixed an issue preventing players from being able to reselect the "Tracking Module" perk on the Hothead (Adept) Rocket Launcher.
Fixed an issue where Heretic's Favor Rocket Launcher could drop with the Quickdraw perk in both trait columns.
Abilities
General

Arc
New Arc keyword added: Bolt Charge
Gaining a stack of Bolt Charge from any source grants melee energy.
Once a stack is gained, any sustained weapon damage increases stack count.
At max stacks, any ability damage will discharge a devastating Arc bolt at the victim's location.
Amplified
While Amplified, combatants are now less accurate against you.
Now grants 15% damage resistance vs. PvE combatants.
Spark of Discharge
Added:
Picking up an Ionic Trace grants a stack of Bolt Charge.
Spark of Momentum
Sliding over ammo bricks now also grants you a small amount of Bolt Charge.
Removed the bespoke melee energy granted when Spark of Momentum activates because melee energy is granted by the Bolt Charge stacks.
Reduced the amount of time you need to be sliding to activate Spark of Momentum.
Spark of Frequency
Added:
While Amplified, gain increased Bolt Charge stacks from all sources.
Spark of Volts
Added:
Now finishers also grant a stack of Bolt Charge in addition to granting Amplified.
Spark of Ions
Defeating a target with Bolt Charge now creates an Ionic Trace.
Solar
Radiant
Reduced damage buff from 25% to 20%.
Stasis
Frost Armor
Increased damage reductoin (DR) per stack from 4.5% to 6.25%.At max stacks, DR goes from 36% to 50%.
Whisper of Rime
Fixed an issue where maximum Frost Armor stacks were not always reset correctly.
Prismatic
Facet of Hope
Added Bolt Charge as a buff eligible to activate Facet of Hope.
Facet of Purpose
Now grants a stack of Bolt Charge when picking up an Orb of Power with an Arc super equipped, instead of granting Amplified.
Facet of Sacrifice
Added Bolt Charge as a buff eligible to activate Facet of Sacrifice.
Activity Modifiers
Brawn
Tuned healing sources to balance the health economy.
Titan

Barricade
Increased damage resistance vs. combatant splash damage attacks when standing behind barricade from 60% to 80%.
Taunt strength and range no longer fall off over time.
Fixed an issue where the barricade would continue to taunt enemies if its owner disconnected.
Striker
New Aspect added: Storm's Keep
Juggernaut
Now grants splash-damage resistance while the shield is up (60% PVE, 10% PVP).
Now grants 10% overall damage resistance while the shield is up.
Taking damage now grants you a stack of Bolt Charge.
Ballistic Slam
Grants a stack of Bolt Charge for each enemy hit by Ballistic Slam.
Sprint time requirement before activation reduced from 1.25s to 0.03s.
Damage now scales based on distance traveled.
Damage vs. PvE combatants increased by 30%
Thundercrash
Colliding with enemies now more reliably triggers the crash.
Sentinel
Unbreakable
Increased the rate that the Unbreakable offensive throw charges up when blocking damage.
Increased max damage dealt from the offensive throw by 20%.
Increased the health pool of the shield to make it less likely to break when under heavy fire.
Increased the Void Overshield charge rate while holding.
Throw now costs half of a grenade-energy charge instead of a full charge.
While Sentinel Shield is equipped, Orb of Power creation cooldown increased from 1s to 4.5s.
Ward of Dawn
Now weakens nearby enemies during creation.
Sunbreaker
Consecration
Reduced scorch-wave and slam-wave damage vs. PvE combatants by 55%.
Note: Bonus Ignition damage is unaffected.
Hunter

Nightstalker
New Aspect added: On The Prowl
Arcstrider
Tempest Strike
New perk added
Killing any jolted target grants a stack of Bolt Charge.
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 57%.
Disorienting Blow
Now grants a moderate amount of Bolt Charge when you damage enemies with Disorienting Blow.
Now deals considerable aoe damage.
Increased aoe damage range from 6m to 7m.
Increased Blind-status-effect aoe range from 6m to 9.6m.
Arc Staff
Each time you reflect an attack, you now gain a stack of Bolt Charge.
Ascension
Increased fragment slots to three.
Can now activate the following perks: Gambler's Dodge, Marksman's Dodge, Empowering Dodge, Threaded Specter.
Threadrunner
Ensnaring Slam
Can now activate the following perks: Gambler's Dodge, Marksman's Dodge, Threaded Specter.
Threaded Specter
Increased clone damage resistance vs. PvE combatants from 40% to 70%.
Prismatic
Gunpowder Gamble
HUD icon is now always Solar instead of inheriting the color of your Super.
Warlock

Stormcaller
New Aspect added: Ionic Sentry
Stormtrance
Increased damage vs. non-champion PvE combatants by 20%
Chaos Reach
Increased damage vs. non-champion PvE combatants by 15%
Lightning Surge
Removed Amplified on cast
Now grants a stack of Bolt Charge for each enemy hit with Lightning Surge
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 30%
Voidwalker
Handheld Supernova
Increased the number of projectiles from five to nine.
Reduced damage of projectiles vs. Players from 20 to 15
Power and Progression
Power Bands have been increased. New values will be:
Power Floor: 1900
Soft Cap: 1960
Powerful Cap: 2010
Hard Cap: 2020
General
Ada-1 will now allow you to progress in "Tying it all together" with up to 490000 Glimmer instead of 240000 Glimmer.
Fixed an issue where the lore tab to the Solstice ship "A Fair Wind" was missing.
Fixed an issue where rapidly navigating through customization menus could cause some ornaments to become unpurchasable in the Appearance screen.
Fixed an issue where some ornaments could be reacquired, even though they were already unlocked.
Fixed an issue that prevented Solstice glows from appearing on some Trials armor.
Fixed an issue where some ornaments would erroneously report they were owned even though they had never been acquired.
Fixed an issue with missing visual accents on the campaign node for The Final Shape on the Timeline.

Destiny 2 Update 8.1.5.4
Activities
Seasonal
The Last City

Fixed an issue where Eramis and Mithrax remained in their pre-Act III conclusion states after completing it.
Onslaught Salvation

Fixed an issue where the Operable Turret would disappear if a player was teleported to join allies while sitting in it.
Tomb/Contest of Elders

Fixed an issue where the Servitor would sometimes flicker while judging the players.
Kell's Fall

Fixed an issue where only one player would receive progression towards Slayer's Fang's Exotic Catalysts when destroying Illusionary Anchors.
Fixed an issue where the Slayer's Fang Catalysts quests would not properly progress when defeating combatants.
Crucible
Maps

Fixed an issue on the crucible map Dead Cliffs, where landing zones for both teams were not up to date for on Control and Zone Control game modes.
Fixed an issue where the Heavy Ammo crates would spawn in a non-neutral zone in Dead Cliffs.
Dungeons and Raids
Vesper's Host

Fixed an issue in Master difficulty where Champions could get stuck outside of the locked down room and not teleport in.
Gameplay and Investment
Triumphs and Titles
Reduced the number of Revenant Barons and Defenses required for the Barren Ground and Defender of Innocent Triumphs, respectively.
Fixed an issue where The Scorgan Melodies Triumph sometimes didn't track the played melodies.
Fixed an issue where the number of Seasonal Challenges required for the Reborn Triumph was higher than intended.
Platforms and Systems
Fixed an issue where the Kell's Fall Exotic Mission required a PlayStation Plus subscription to access it.
General
Fixed an issue where the Doki Doki Armor Ornament Set was not properly displayed in Collections.

Destiny 2 Update 8.1.5.3
Activities
Crucible
General

Fixed an issue where some ability kills could generate a Special ammo brick.
Dungeons & Raids
Vesper's Host

Raneiks Unified
Fixed an issue where using Hunter's Shadowshot Super ability on Raneiks Unified could result in the encounter crashing.
Reduced the number of active servitors that appear when splitting the boss during DPS.
Rebalanced boss health values to compensate for the reduced number of servitors.
Re-enabled Hunter's Shadowshot Super ability in the activity.
Infiltration
Fixed an issue that allowed nuclear cores from the traversal to be used outside of the encounter.
Gameplay and Investment
Exotic Armor
Titan

Stoicism
Spirit of Alpha Lupi
Reduced heal impulse when using Thruster to 30 HP.
Crest of Alpha Lupi
Reduced heal impulse when using Thruster to 60 HP.
Warlock

Ballidorse Wrathweavers
Fixed an issue where Ballidorse Wrathweavers could increase the damage dealt by shattering targets frozen with Winter's Wrath far more than intended.
Mantle of Battle Harmony
Fixed an issue where Mantle of Battle Harmony's perk could be activated during Song of Flame to extend its duration.
Stormdancer's Brace
Fixed an issue where Stormdancer's Brace would not refund energy if the player was in Transcendence during their Stormtrance Super.
Hunter

Celestial Nighthawk
Fixed an issue where Golden Gun incorrectly was receiving the boosted roaming Super recharge benefits while Celestial Nighthawk was equipped.
General

Fixed an issue where the "Iron Intent" armor set was missing the "Iron Lord's Pride" intrinsic perk.
Fixed an issue where Solar Weapon Boost x4 was unable to be applied via Exotics such as Mantle of Battle Harmony, Foetracer, or Path of Burning Steps to weapons besides Two-Tailed Fox.
The Daito manufacturer extends a heartfelt apology to all Guardians for this error.
Weapons
Weapon Archetypes

Sidearms
Heavy Burst
Increased body shot damage from 30 to 33.
Increased critical hit damage from 48 to 52.8.
Submachine Guns
General
Increased magazine size by 10-15% depending on magazine stat and rate of fire.
Pulse Rifles
High-Impact - Now requires six crits on all resilience levels above 1.
Reduced body shot damage from 22 to 21.5.
Reduced critical hit damage from 39.6 to 38.7.
Reduced Aim Down Sights (ADS) damage falloff scalar from 1.7 to 1.6.
Lightweights
Increased body shot damage from 17 to 20.4.
Increased critical hit damage from 31.45 to 31.6.
Scout Rifles
Lightweights
Increased body shot damage from 32 to 38.
Increased critical hit damage from 64 to 64.6.
Auto Rifles
Rapid Fires
Increased body shot damage from 13.5 to 13.6.
Increased critical hit damage from 23 to 23.1.
Hand Cannons
Precisions
The intrinsic Hand Cannon Precision Frame now reduces your ADS movement speed penalty by 10%.
Sniper Rifles
Reduced the camera roll component of flinch against players by 20%.
Heavy Ammo Grenade Launchers
Reduced self-damage by 50%.
Perks

Skulking Wolf (Iron Banner Origin Trait)
Now activates in PvE and, when active, makes enemies slightly less accurate when targeting you.
Target Lock
Reverted the Update 7.3.5 specific tuning for Sub Machine Guns.
Exotics

Graviton Lance
Reverted its RPM to 300.
Whisper of the Worm
Reduced the camera roll component of flinch against players by 50%.
Ace of Spades
Fixed an issue where the Firefly perk on Ace of Spades was dealing Kinetic damage instead of Solar damage.
General

Fixed an issue where the Scavenger's Fate Shotgun unintentionally received Demolitionist. This perk will be replaced with Slideshot, with enhanced versions of Demolitionist being replaced with Enhanced Slideshot.
Fixed an issue where the Omniscient Eye Sniper Rifle did not have access to Enhanced Precision Instrument at the Relic Crafting table.
Fixed an issue where the Season of Arrival's version of Crimil's Dagger had incorrect stats.
Fixed an issue that allowed the Harmony and Discord perks to be activated by using certain abilities or getting onto vehicles.
Platforms and Systems
Fixed an issue where audio could cut out during some cinematics.
Fixed a server crash that caused a high frequency of #Guitar errors across many activities and destinations.


Destiny 2 Update 8.1.5.2
Activities
Seasonal
Tomb of Elders

Fixed an issue where players could join Contest of Elders after the final encounter had been completed.
Fixed an issue where one of the bonus chests during Contest of Elders would only reward Glimmer.
Fixed an issue where sometimes only five out of six explosive tanks would spawn during the Spider Tank encounter, resulting in a soft lock.
Onslaught: Salvation

Reduced the number of visual and sound effects in Cabal boss rooms.
Vanguard Ops
Fixed an issue where the Inverted Spire strike was disabled in the playlist.
Lost Sectors
Fixed an issue where weapons would not drop on certain days.
Raid and Dungeons
Crota's End

Fixed an issue where the Master version of Crota's End was not saving player checkpoints.
Salvation's Edge

Fixed an issue where the Master version of Salvation's Edge was not saving player checkpoints.
Vesper's Host

Fixed an issue where the nuclear core could get stuck under the floor in the final encounter.
Fixed an issue where player's Ghost could get stuck in a bad location when traversing between the second and third encounters.
Gameplay and Investment
Revenant Tonics
Legendary Tonics now 100% guarantee their specific reward.
Legendary Tonics now increase the chances of obtaining the specified gear from the activity they are made for.
For instance, Tonic of Vangate Point (Onslaught) will increase the chances of that weapon dropping from Onslaught: Salvation chests.
Increased the base duration of Tonics across the board.
Uncommon: 40 minutes
Rare: 60 minutes
Legendary: 80 minutes
Exotic Armor
Hunter

Fixed an issue where Knucklehead Radar was applying its target marking players instantly on hits.
It should now only mark players only when breaking their shield.
Functionality remains the same against combatants.
Weapons
Weapon perks

High Ground
Damage bonus against players has been fixed. Perk has been reenabled.
Increased the height differential required to activate High Ground's damage bonus against players by 150% when using a Primary ammo weapon.
Let Bygones be Bygones...
Weapon crafting

Fixed an issue where trying to craft a Garden of Salvation weapon without its pattern unlocked would show an incorrect dialog.
Abilities
Titan

Sentinel Shield
Fixed a bug that was unintentionally multiplying Sentinel Shield damage.
Increased non-Champion PvE-combatant damage by 44%.
Increased Champion PvE-combatant damage by 15%.
Hunter

Spectral Blades
Increased non-Champion PvE combatant damage by 66%.
Increased Champion PvE combatant damage by 30%.
Power and Progression
Fixed an issue where the requirements for Guardian Rank 6 didn't have the proper descriptions.
General
Corrected an issue that prevented Warlocks from purchasing the Lucent Night Bundle in the Eververse.
Updated Street Fighter finisher bundle inventory check to avoid instances of items being sent to the Postmaster.

Destiny 2 Update 8.1.5.1
Activities
Seasonal
The Dawning

The Dawning is now live.
Snowballs are available to use against combatants in several activities.
Three new emblems can be found inside of A Gift in Return packages. Check the December 5 TWID for details on how to increase chances.
Confectionary Commander emblem
Epicurean Extraordinaire emblem
Handcrafter Hunter emblem
A New Weapon has been added.
Mistral Lift - Adaptive Void Linear Fusion Rifle
New Astral Stasis Drake armor has been added.
Available in the Eververse store.
Tomb of Elders

Fixed an issue where players waiting for revival after the final Tomb of Elders boss has been defeated would spawn in the Warden's Office and could not claim rewards.
Onslaught Salvation

Fixed an issue where the bonus Heatwave round was occurring less than intended.
Fixed an issue where an invisible ledge was present near the third defense location on Kell's Grave.
Crucible
Matchmaking

Updated backend thresholds to improve matchmaking times and quality of matches.
Adjusted fireteam MMR weighting in 6v6 playlists to avoid redundancy with Fireteam Matchmaking.
Increased the score threshold at which teams are broken up, in order to allow more matches to recycle and improve matchmaking times.
Dungeons & Raids
Vesper's Host

General
Fixed an issue where the first secret chest would only reward the first player opening it.
Fixed an issue where the Icebreaker Catalyst was not always awarded to players who died during their run.
Fixed an issue where players could crash during the boss death.
Second Encounter
Fixed an issue where the boss would sometimes not reform properly after DPS, resulting in an infinite damage phase.
Garden of Salvation

Fixed an issue where the Consecrated Mind boss could be pushed off its starting platform and immediately end the encounter.
Feel free to keep using Stasis, if you want...
Salvation's Edge

Fixed an issue where the incorrect wipe text was displaying during the Witness encounter.
Exotic Mission Rotator
Fixed an issue where the Featured Exotic Mission was not granting Pinnacle rewards.
UI/UX
Fireteam Finder

Fixed an issue where the Vow of the Disciple raid was missing the Master option in Fireteam Finder.
Gameplay and Investment
Exotic Armor
Hunter
Raiju's Harness
Re-tuned Super energy granted by defeating Arc-debuffed combatants.
Minors: Increased Super energy granted from 0.3% to 1%.
Majors: Increased Super energy granted from 1.7% to 2.5%.
Players: Increased Super energy granted from 3.1% to 4%.
Minibosses and bosses: Decreased Super energy granted from 4.5% to 4%.
Decreased amount of Super energy granted for defeating Arc-debuffed combatants while Gathering Storm is being cast to approximately 80% of the previous value.
Maximum total energy granted this way remains the same, at 50%.
Note: The lightning summoned by Raiju's Harness on allies and enemies near the user will always apply status effects before dealing damage.
Revenant
Tonics

Fixed an issue where Tonic quest progress could become blocked on specific characters.
Fixed an issue where the Tonic of Worldly Arms Armor and Tonic of Worldly Chest Armor had incorrect descriptions.
Fixed an issue where Legendary Tomb of Elders Weapon Tonics were targeting the incorrect weapons.
This fix went live last week in a hotfix.
General
Updated the Gjallarheart armor ornament sets in Collections to use their appropriate names.
Reduced the requirements for the Fight to the End Triumph from 5/15/30/50 to 5/10/20/40.
Fixed an issue where the spawn sound effect can be heard briefly before the ship goes into the warp screen animation.
Fixed an issue where an unintended sound effect can be heard in Orbit when joining a Gambit match in progress on Cathedral of Scars.

Destiny 2 Update 8.1.5
Activities
Seasonal
Revenant

Act II is now available.
Added 50 Seasonal Pass levels and their rewards.
Added new Artifact perks.
Added new Tonics.
Added new Fieldwork missions.
New activities: Tomb of Elders and Gauntlet of Elders
New Weapons available
Noxious Vetiver - Arc - Precision Submachine Gun
Scavenger's Fate - Void - Precision Shotgun
Gridskipper - Void - Rapid-Fire Pulse Rifle
Fixed an issue where certain projectiles could collide and detonate with Ether Siphon orbs.
Fixed an issue where Ether Siphon would remove magazine overflow
Onslaught: Salvation

Fixed an issue where ability spamming while Ether Overload is active could crash the activity.
Fixed an issue where in Widow's Court a turret could spawn inside the ADU and damage it indefinitely.
Fixed an issue where immune enemies with a bane could not be defeated.
Fixed an issue where picking a Cannon Relic could trigger an activity error code.
Fixed an issue where Rocket Assisted Sidearms could not break Scorn cages.
Reduced the number of Cabal shooting blinding rockets on the boss arena.
Fixed an issue where the Storm's Edge Hunter Super would not properly teleport the user inside of the boss arena.
Fixed an issue where players could not commend each other when completing 50 waves.
Echoes

Fixed an issue where Enigma Protocol had a higher than intended activity target Power.
It's returned to its original value of 2005.
Fixed an issue where some players could not access the main questline.
Expansions
The Final Shape

Fixed a rare issue where players could not grab the Hunter's Journal.
Crucible
General

Fixed an issue where the Heavy ammo crate on Dead Cliffs was spawning at inconsistent locations in a variety of modes.
Reduced the size and visibility distance of Special ammo brick icons in Crucible.
Private Matches

Fixed an issue where enabling infinite Special ammo would grant players an Overshield.
Iron Banner

New Armor set: Iron Intent
New Weapon: Tinasha's Mastery
Element: Stasis
Archetype: Rocket Assisted Sidearm
Reprised Weapon: Archon's Thunder
Element: Stasis
Archetype: High-Impact Frame
Vanguard Ops
Strikes

Fixed an issue where sometimes players could not regenerate health.
Fixed an issue where Champions would appear on the regular version of Heist Battlegrounds: Europa.
Grandmaster Nightfalls

Catch up node with all Seasonal Nightfalls is now available.
Dungeons and Raids
Vesper's Host

General
Fixed an issue where the first secret chest would only reward the player opening it for the first time.
Fixed an issue where players could not open the second secret chest, preventing them from completing step 7 of the Rogue Network quest.
Fixed an issue where players could not respawn after joining the fireteam.
Fixed an issue where players could duplicate nuclear cores.
Fixed an issue where Grand Overture could gain rocket stacks by shooting immune panels.
Second encounter
Fixed an issue where the boss wouldn't reform, allowing for an unlimited damage phase.
Third encounter
Fixed an issue preventing the encounter from starting.
Added some extra cover to the 'red room.'
Fixed an issue where the combatant carrying augments could not appear.
Fixed an issue where rally barricade could nullify the radiation debuff.
Garden of Salvation

Fixed an issue preventing completion of the Voltaic Tether Triumph by allow players to trigger the encounter by shooting the boss instead of the Minotaur.
Exotic Missions
Fixed an issue where the Standard difficulty for Zero Hour and The Whisper was higher than intended.
Timeline Reflections
Fixed an issue where 'Cayde's Fate' could not be completed.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Exotic Armor

Hunter
Raiden Flux
Increased bonus Super damage perk stack from 14% to 20%.
This maxes out at about a 70% damage increase (up from 50%.)
Knucklehead Radar
Changed the activation requirements of its perk; now requires the wearer to damage a player to mark them as target.
Target is marked for 3s.
Titan
Point Contact Canon Brace
Amplified lightning bolts now do 100% increased damage over base, up from 50%.
Lightning strike final blows now also refund melee energy.
Reduced Thunderclap refund by 10% to compensate for increased energy gains on average.
Warlock
Ballidorse Wrathweavers
Increased bonus shatter damage from 100% to 150%.
Increased shatter damage now shows as a yellow number to aid with visibility of the perk.
Fixed an issue where enemies were inconsistently getting the boosted shatter damage at higher framerates.
Armor Ornaments
Fixed some issues with the GR1P-EE5 ornament textures and geometry.
Weapons
Weapon Archetypes

Bows
Precision
Increased body shot damage by 10%.
Hand Cannons
Aggressive
Increased damage by 3% (this allows them to kill all resilience levels in 2C1B).
Igneous Hammer
Reduced Stability, Handling, and Aim Assist stats by 3.
Adaptive
Better Devils
Increased Stability, Handling, and Aim Assist stats by 3.
Heavy Burst
Fixed an issue where Headseeker was not appropriately increasing critical hit damage after dealing body shot damage.
Machine Guns
Changed the scalar that determines how much ammo you can pick up from a crate.
Magazine sizes of 50 or less should get 21 rounds.
Magazine sizes between 51 and 59 get between 21 and 26 rounds.
Magazine sizes between 60 and 80 get between 26 and 27 rounds.
Magazine sizes between 81and 99 get between 28 and 44 rounds.
Magazine sizes over 100 should get 45 rounds.
Breech Grenade Launchers
Micro-Missile
Increased the velocity players can generate with the rocket jumping blast.
Exotic Weapons

Telesto
Fixed an issue where Telesto was doing less damage than intended in PvP.
Increased Telesto detonation damage by 20% in PvE.
Eriana's Vow
Fixed an issue where Eriana's Vow was dealing reduced critical damage in PvP.
Thorn
Increased base Stability by 5.
Lumina
Increased base Stability by 5.
Grand Overture
Fixed an issue that allowed missiles to be loaded by shooting at immune targets.
Tessellation
Fixed an issue where Tessellation lost all ammo and could not be fired or reloaded if an Artifact mod, Armor mod, or subclass change was made with 'Property: Irreducible' active.
Players can now reload Tessellation while 'Property: Irreducible' is active. Doing so removes 'Property: Irreducible,' similar to Izanagi's Burden.
Weapon perks

High Ground
Dealing damage to a player with a Primary weapon now only grants a single stack of the damage buff.
Dealing damage with a Special weapon, or against combatants, continues to grant maximum stacks.
Fixed a bug that allowed some archetypes to activate the perk when damaging targets while airborne.
Explosive Payload
Reduced splash damage against players only on Legendary Hand Cannons by 7%.
Withering Gaze
Fixed an issue where the weaken debuff could be applied to allies.
Weapon fixes

Fixed an issue where Arcane Embrace could be obtained with Trench Barrel.
This perk was unintended and instances of it or Enhanced Trench Barrel will be replaced with Swashbuckler or Enhanced Swashbuckler.
Fixed an issue where the Ether Siphon Trait would reset overflown magazines.
Fixed an issue where the sound effect for some Hand Cannons had been changed to the default Hand Cannon sound effect.
Abilities
General

Fixed an issue where Ignitions were incorrectly scaling damage against all bosses instead of just Raneiks Unified, resulting in lower-than-expected damage.
Prismatic Hunter, Warlock and Titan

Increased ability cooldown in the Crucible by 15%.
Hunter

Storm's Edge
Reduced height of damage impulse from 5m to 3.75m.
Reduced DR against players from 53% to 45%, both on cast and during the spin attack.
Moved from tier 3 to tier 1 Super cooldown.
Arc Staff, Golden Gun, Spectral Blades, Silkstrike
Increased Super energy gains per damage event against PvE combatants by roughly 3x.
Increased damage against Champions by 30-55% depending on Super.
Note: This change excludes the Celestial Nighthawk Golden Gun variant
Combination Blow
Reduced bonus damage against combatants by around 17%.
Stylish Executioner
Fixed a bug where some projectile melee attacks activated Stylish Executioner if the attack hit in the first frame of the projectile melee's lifetime.
Stylish Executioner is only meant to work with physical melee attacks.
Warlock

General
Fixed an issue where Warlocks could not blink during Onslaught.
Stormtrance, Daybreak, Nova Warp, Winder's Wrath
Increased Super energy gains per damage event against PvE combatants by roughly 3x.
Increased damage against Champions by 30-55% depending on Super.
Titan

Ward of Dawn
Ward of Dawn now draws enemy fire when an ally is standing inside it.
This behavior is similar to the Barricade taunt.
On cast, Ward of Dawn now knocks enemies back.
Fist of Havok, Burning Maul, Hammer of Sol, Sentinel Shield, Glacial Quake, Bladefury
Increased Super energy gains per damage event against PvE combatants by roughly 3x.
Increased damage against Champions by 30-55% depending on Super.
Note: This change excludes the Pyrogale Gauntlets Burning Maul variant.
Knockout and Roaring Flames
Fixed an issue where Knockout and Roaring Flames were not benefitting from the Titan Unpowered Melee buff from Update 8.1.0.
Artifact
Kinetic Impacts
Fixed an issue where the column 5 Artifact mod was not working with all Grenade Launchers.
Fixed an issue where the mod's bonus impact damage was not being scaled correctly.
Fixed an issue where triggering the mod took more damage instances than intended.
Gameplay Modifiers
Reduced the effectiveness of the Counterfeit modifier.
Spawn rate of trick loot reduced from 25% to 10%.
Reduced damage impulse size on all trick loot items by 1m.
Updated shockwave size to match the new damage radius.
Reduced damage of all trick loot items.
Increased animation before exploding from 2s to 3s.
Vendors
Hawthrone

Fixed an issue where the Ancient Gospel offer in the Garden of Salvation menu showed the wrong element.
Triumphs
Fixed an issue where Episode Revenant Triumphs would not progress the Active and Lifetime Triumphs Score.
Fixed an issue where certain engrams would not advance the 10th Anniversary Triumph "Disappointed."
Collections
Fixed an issue where the Plaguebreaker Armor Sets showed an incorrect name.
Fixed an issue where the Jade Filament Armor Sets showed an incorrect name.
Music and Sound
Fixed an issue where some sound effects would cut out or delay.
UI/UX
Combatants
Fixed an issue with the color of health bars for major combatants (orange bars), making it difficult to distinguish them from minor combatants (red bars).
For the color theory fans: #df6d1c.
Character Screen
Fixed an issue where the left and right inputs could not open the Loadouts and Mod Customization side panels.
Appearance Customization
Fixed an issue where Ornament would not show their hovering menu when inspecting them.
Localization
Mexican Spanish

Fixed an issue where the Feed the Void Prismatic Aspect incorrectly says it requires 'Void ability' instead of 'any ability.'
General
Fixed an issue where the current Season highlight wasn't properly displaying on the Timeline.
Removed an erroneous dialog that would appear when opening the Mass Effect Accessories bundle on an account based in South Korea.
Corrected the messages that appear with multiplayer instances of the Venus Flytrapped emote.
Revised Season Pass + Ranks bundle description to highlight the Season Pass sources.

Destiny 2 Update 8.1.0.4
Activities
Crucible
Increased the score limits for triggering mercy rules.
Previously, the mercy rule would trigger only during a small window in the match, so the score limit to trigger it was intentionally set low. We have increased the window within which the mercy rule can trigger and increased the score limit accordingly to prevent games which still have a chance to be competitive from ending early in a mercy.
Control, Iron Banner Control, Iron Banner Eruption, Supremacy - 60 to 70.
Zone Control, Iron Banner Zone Control - 50 to 60.
Clash - 40 to 50.
Competitive rank adjustment now puts less weight on skill differential between player and lobby.
Trials of Osiris
Fixed an issue where the Shaded Envy shader was not able to be equipped or viewed in Collections.
Raids & Dungeons
Vesper's Host

Fixed an issue where players could use terrain to skip straight to the first encounter.
Garden of Salvation

Fixed an issue where secret chests only dropped armor. They can now also drop weapons.
Episode Echoes
Exotic Mission: Encore

Fixed an issue where attempting a particular Secret Triumph could cause errors in the second half of the mission if reached without dying.
Breach Executable

Fixed an issue where launching into the Expert version of the activity would cause errors.
Episode Revenant
Fixed an issue where the Week 1 Seasonal Challenge "Onslaught Banes" did not correctly specify Expert Onslaught in the description.
Fixed an issue where Eido's featured tonic requests could include unobtainable tonics.
Fixed an issue where players who unlocked the 10% tonic buff had it only applied to the character that claimed the Act 1 Key Fieldwork item.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Fixed an issue where Mask of Fealty would not consistently create crystals when defeating frozen targets with Withering Blade.
The spread of Withering Blades released now has slightly increased gravity to tighten the spread to account for this fix.
Perks
Fixed an issue where  some random perk combinations were harder to earn per legendary weapon perk set.
For more details, please see our previous update. We plan to do a deep dive on this in a future article, stay tuned.
Fixed an issue where Foundry Weapons are dropping with more perks within certain columns outside of Master Lost Sectors.

Destiny 2 Update 8.1.0.3
Activities
Festival of The Lost
Weapon rewards

New:
Arcane Embrace - Heavy Burst Arc Shotgun
Reprised with new perks:
Mechabre - Aggresive Arc Sniper Rifle
Jurassic Green - Rapid-Fire Solar Pulse
Braytech Werewolf - Precision Kinetic Auto Rifle
Acosmic - Rapid-Fire Void Grenade Launcher
Spectral and Manifested pages

Spectral pages have been cut to simplify the loop and give players more ways to restore the Forgotten Book during the event.
Manifested pages drop from the broad game while Guardian is wearing a FOTL mask, or from Haunted Sectors.
Extra pages can be earned from Haunted Sectors by defeating up to ten Headless Ones in a single run.
Mask Rolls

Introductory quest masks and Expert Haunted Sector masks drop with spikey high stats and Masterwork level 7 (previously was level 3) to make them more exciting for their limited duration.
Base Haunted Sector masks will now drop with high stats (previous was regular stats).
Masks purchased from Eva are unchanged (a static high stat roll).
Memento

Brought back an updated version of the Twilight Memento Triumph with new hidden objectives to earn the Memento.
Festival of the Lost Memento storage limit increased from one to three.
Focusing

Any focusing option that costs an Eerie Engram now has a chance to drop the Memento (previously was only the basic engram focusing option).
New Exotic Class Items focusing options added.
Forgotten Book

Reduced Manifested Page cost for all old volumes to one Manifested Page per chapter.
Expert difficulty

Removing matchmaking and added Haunted Sectors to Fireteam Finder.
Removed the quest to complete each of the Expert Haunted sectors. Sweetened the Horrific Haunts event challenge with an additional 500 candy as a reward.
Others

Fixed an issue where Warlock masks from vendor dropped with random stats.
Episode Revenant
Fixed an issue where onscreen tutorials for Fieldworks could not be closed.
Fixed an issue where in some instances Major Fieldworks voiceover was playing out of order.
Fixed an issue where Eramis' voiceover was louder than intended.
Fixed an issue where the H.E.L.M. landing zone spawned players into The Last City hub instead.
Onslaught: Salvation
Fixed an issue where the Class Warfare and Shot Caller modifiers would not activate during Expert Onslaught.
Raid and Dungeons
Vesper's Host

Fixed an issue where players that dismantled the Rogue Network quest couldn't reacquire it.
Salvation's Edge

Implemented a potential fix to an issue where the Memento wasn't dropping for players other than the fireteam leader.
We'll update this patch note to confirm if the fix was successful.
Exotic Mission Rotator
Encore

Fixed an issue where players could potentially respawn in the Ancillary Transit Nexus during the final boss encounter and be unable to leave.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Fixed instances of the curated Deadlock that dropped with incorrect perks.
Hammer forged will be replaced with Rifled Barrel, High Caliber Rounds will be replaced with Light Mag, Killing Wind will be replaced with Lone Wolf, and Desperate Measures will be replaced with Closing Time.
In cases where perks are enhanced, the perk will be swapped to the enhanced perk.
Fixed an issue where the Vantage Point Pulse Rifle could equip Rocket Launcher mods instead of Pulse Rifle mods.
In some instances, if a rocket exclusive mod was equipped, this mod will be removed and players can add a Pulse Rifle mod of their choosing.
Fixed an issue where the Vantage Point Pulse Rifle could receive Voltshot instead of the new Jolting Feedback perk.
Instances of Voltshot will be replaced with Jolting Feedback and enhanced versions with the enhanced instance.
Perks
Fixed an issue where Desperate Measures had its damage bonus reduced.
Artifact
Fixed an issue where Artifact power was not being granted by the Slayer Baron Apothecary Satchel unless you had acquired the Hunter's Journal.

Destiny 2 Update 8.1.0.2
Activities
Excision
Fixed an issue where the incorrect skybox was showing during The Final Shape ending cinematic.
Seasonal
Fixed an issue where Act I progression would be blocked if the player abandoned the prologue quest.
Fixed an issue where the Tonic Capsule would soft lock the game when accessed through the Quests menu.
Fixed an issue where players could get locked out of creating Tonics if the Tonic Brewing Guide went to the Postmaster.
Fixed an issue where Major Fieldworks did not play their corresponding voiceover.
Fixed an issue where onscreen tutorials could not be dismissed during Fieldwork missions.
Onslaught: Salvation
Fixed an issue where only the first player opening the extra chest at the end of wave 50 of Onslaught would earn the reward.
Raid and Dungeons
Vesper's Host

Fixed an issue where Master difficulty was not rewarding Artifice Armor.
Fixed an issue where players could duplicate nuclear cores.
UI/UX
Pathfinder
Fixed an issue where Pathfinder third completion was not giving rewards.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Sanguine Alchemy

Added adebuff icon so players can identify that they have been marked by an enemy.
Peacekeepers

Fixed an issue where SMGs could maintain their damage buff indefinitely when swapping between weapons.
Weapons
Heavy Burst Hand Cannons

Fixed an issue where they were dealing slightly reduced precision damage.
Revision Zero

Fixed an issue where Revision Zero would lock into sniper mode when using the Heavy Burst origin trait.
The Last Word

Fixed an issue where The Last Word was doing too much damage against players.
Increased damage vs. combatantats has not been readjusted.
Enjoy the PvE buff and yeehaw responsibly.
Weapon has been reenabled in PvP and Gambit.
Emblems
Fixed an issue where the Bungie Foundation Through the Storm emblem was missing its title in the Collections screen.
Artifact
Fixed an issue where the Retinal Burn Artifact perk has the wrong name assigned in the Artifact screen.
Localization
Fixed an issue with the French translation of the Precision Instrument perk.
Fixed an issue where text would become truncated for some languages on the Season Content Overview and Offer screen.

Destiny 2 Update 8.1.0.1
Activities
Nightfalls
Nightfall activities on Expert difficulty or higher now feature combatants with Banes.
Onslaught
Fixed an issue where Eventide Ruins on Expert mode did not grant the correct starting enemy Power level or increase Power level when completing waves.

Destiny 2 Update 8.1.0
Activities
Crucible
General

Reprised the map Solitude for our Control, Quickplay, and Competitive playlists (will return to Trials at a future date).
Added several new UI features.
Class icons on enemy health bars.
"Assisted by..." message on the death screen.
Added Tools of Destruction to the teammate tombstone icon.
Fixed an issue where matches would not end in mercy due to time elapsed, despite the delta in team score.
Adjusted join-in-progress rules so that matches have a better chance of back-filling.
Fixed an issue with our second version of the snake draft lobby balancer where fireteam members would sometimes be placed on separate teams; re-enabled the snake draft lobby balancer.
Fixed an issue where the weapons portion of Not Swap was sometimes active in playlists other than Trials and Competitive.
Fixed an issue where kills could sometimes drop an additional ammo brick for teammates.
Competitive

Improved the placement match logic in Competitive to provide a smoother experience while finding your expected rank.
Improved the way points are awarded after Competitive matches to make the values line up more appropriately with expectations.
Fixed an issue where the placement series challenge could erroneously appear after completing the Competitive intro quest "Dividing the Ladder."
Trials of Osiris

Fixed an issue where players would sometimes be unable to claim their Trials rank rewards.
Post-game standard (non-Adept) weapon drops will now focus on the weekly weapon, instead of exclusively being the weekly weapons.
Nightfall
Nightfall activities on Expert difficulty or higher now feature combatants with Banes.
Dungeons and Raids
General

Fixed an issue where some dungeons had a shorter-than-intended amount of time in the activity after completion.
Shattered Throne

Fixed an issue where the second secret chest would occasionally not reward players.
Salvation's Edge

Fixed an issue where the Ignited Light Triumph was not tracking encounter challenges.
Vow of the Disciple

Fixed an issue where Rhulk could catapult himself off the encounter space.
Fight him, you cowards.
UI/UX
 Director
When a raid or dungeon is featured, an icon will appear in the destination's icon tray and the name of the raid or dungeon will appear in the destination's tooltip.
Rituals Pathfinder have been divided into distinct Vanguard, Crucible, and Gambit Pathfinders.
When you are in a Vanguard, Crucible, or Gambit activity or PGCR, opening the Director will take you directly to the appropriate ritual screen in the Director to select your next activity or access their Pathfinder system.
This enables quickly opening the relevant rituals screen to easily access reputation, streaks, Pathfinder, and re-launch related activities
The activity launch overlay has been adjusted to divide skulls (activity modifiers) into four categories to better inform player buildcrafting.
Heads Up Display (HUD)
Waypoints for dead allies now include an indicator of the faction, ability, or weapon that downed them to improve situational awareness.
When you are downed in PvP activities, the death screen will now include some information about player assists that contributed to your death.
Developer Note: We are hoping to expand this feature in the future to give players better tools for understanding the moment-to-moment PvP experience.
Fireteam Finder
Fireteam Finder entry point is now grayed out in launch overlay when current activity is unsupported.
Fireteam Finder auto-selects your current activity when entering through launch overlay.
Fireteam Finder auto-returns players back to start when Fireteam Privacy is set to closed.
Reminds players they need to use a Fireteam when using Fireteam Finder.
Text Chat
Text chat profanity setting received an update to better reflect changes with our moderation service.
Fixed text chat bug that was causing commands in certain languages to say that the command was unknown.
Voice Chat
Now correctly plays audio cue when swapping voice channels.
Roster
Fixed nameplate bug that would cause names with certain emojis to flicker.
Objective Tracking
No longer reset tracked records at the start of each Episode.
Fixed an issue where the tracking icon would stick around after objective was completed.
Gameplay and Investment
Exotic Armor
Hunter

Lucky Pants
No longer requires the Hand Cannon to be matched to the Super damage type or Kinetic to receive the damage buff.
Out of Luck cooldown will only trigger if you reach seven stacks before swapping off the weapon or time expires.
Maximum damage has been decreased from 600% to 450%.
Now provides movement bonuses including increased slide distance and sprint speed when a Hand Cannon is equipped.
Airborne Effectiveness bonus is active whenever a Hand Cannon is equipped, not just when the Illegally Modded Holster buff is active.
Raiju's Harness
Fully reworked behavior of its Exotic trait, Mobius Conduit, inspired by its lore tab.
Activating Gathering Storm calls down lightning on all nearby targets, jolting them while also amplifying allies.
Defeating Arc debuffed targets grants a small amount of Gathering Storm energy.
Blight Ranger
Added the ability to cancel your Arc Staff Super while equipped, damaging and blinding nearby enemies and granting a Tier 4 Arc weapon damage boost.
Damage dealt by this effect scales based on the number of projectiles reflected prior to cancelling.
No longer creates Orbs of Power when reflecting projectiles with Arc Staff.
Reflecting projectiles now instead directly refunds Super energy, extending the duration of your Super.
Young Ahamkara's Spine
Once again provides Tripmine Grenade energy for ability damage (changed from ability final blows).
Provides +33% grenade energy in PvE and +8% in PvP.
Celestial Nighthawk
Reduced Super damage against bosses by 5%.
Solipsism
Spirit of Synthoceps
Reduced the melee damage bonus provided when both Bionic Enhancements and Stylish Executioner are active by 50%.
Titan

Icefall Mantle
You now gain a stack of Frost Armor for rapid Stasis final blows.
Each time you gain a stack of Frost Armor you will heal for a small amount.
The unique class ability granted by Icefall Mantle now provides maximum stacks of Frost Armor, instead of its custom overshield.
It will provide additional stacks of Frost Armor if you have Whisper of Rime equipped.
You will also immediately heal for each stack that gets added.
It no longer prevents sprinting or jump abilities, and it now works when Thruster is equipped.
Class ability energy now begins to recharge immediately after using Icefall Mantle's class ability.
No longer provides bonus Stasis weapon damage.
Now requires a Stasis Super to be equipped to benefit from its Exotic effects.
Cadmus Ridge Lancecap
Removed the Stasis weapon requirement. Now any final blows or rapid precision hits while behind a rally barricade (and with a Stasis Super equipped) will create a Diamond Lance near you.
Directly hitting any powerful combatant with a Diamond Lance will now create three Stasis crystals (previously only bosses and vehicles would create additional crystals).
Ursa Furiosa & Spirit of the Bear
Increased maximum Super energy gain for Unbreakable in PvE from 15% to 20%.
Fixed an issue where you were gaining more Super energy from Unbreakable in PvP than intended. Now provides a maximum of 10% per Unbreakable use.
Cuirass of the Falling Star
Melee final blows while amplified now grant Super energy.
Reduced the damage bonus from Cuirass to Thundercrash from 2x to 1.55x.
When combined with the buff to Thundercrash base damage, this results in the same damage as it did previously.
Replaced the overshield after impact with damage resistance (50% in PvE and 10% in PvP).
Pyrogale Gauntlets
Increased damage of the super cyclone explosions by 10%.
Peacekeepers
Dealing damage to combatants with an SMG increases SMG damage for a short time. Maximum of 20 stacks (100% bonus damage), lasts for 1s, each hit adds a stack and refreshes the timer.
Mask of the Quiet One
With a Void Super equipped, rapid final blows and final blows while at critical health will now grant Devour.
Hazardous Propulsion
Fixed an issue where destroying certain objects, such as Stasis crystals, was being counted as a final blow for loading Exodus rockets.
Final blows caused by shattering crystals created via the weapon perk Headstone will still have a chance to load rockets.
Stoicism
Spirit of the Star Eater
Reduced the benefit granted Twilight Arsenal from 70% to 25%.
Reduced the benefit granted to Thundercrash from 70% to 50%.
Spirit of the Horn
Activating Thruster now leaves a ball of Solar energy behind, exploding and applying scorch to enemies caught in the blast.
Spirit of Alpha Lupi
Activating Thruster now heals you and nearby allies.
Spirit of Hoarfrost
Activating Thruster now creates a pair of Stasis crystals.
Warlock

Skull of Dire Ahamkara
Added "Weapon final blows while Devour is active grant Super energy," with more energy provided for defeating powerful combatants.
Ballidorse Wrathweavers
Adjusted the perk to increase the shatter damage of targets frozen by Shadebinder Super projectiles.
This means even allies breaking enemies out can activate the perk as well.
Added "Granting Frost Armor to your allies with Frostpulse or Winter's Wrath grants you Super energy," with more energy provided for aiding multiple allies.
Sanguine Alchemy
Now marks targets you damage while standing in a Rift. You deal 10% extra damage from any source against marked targets.
Now provides Surge x4 to weapons that match your Super damage.
Verity's Brow & Spirit of Verity
Increased PvE grenade damage for the first stack of Death Throes from 20% to 40%. Each additional stack now provides +15% grenade damage, up to a max of +100% at five stacks.
PvP bonus damage is unchanged.
Cenotaph Mask
The changes to the target marking have been reverted so that the applying player can once again see the marker.
Osmiomancy Gloves
Reduced the increased seeker distance and speed by 50%.
Speaker's Sight
Orb of Power generation has been reenabled in PvP, where it now requires six instances of healing against a damaged ally to create an Orb.
PvE behavior is unchanged.
Promethium Spur
Fixed an issue where Promethium Spur would grant class ability energy without a Solar Super equipped.
 Essentialism
Spirit of the Star Eater
Reduced the benefit granted to Nova Bomb from 70% to 50%.
Armor Mods
The Emergency Reinforcements armor mod has been updated to no longer overwrite other sources of damage resistance.
Changed the order of Momentum Transfer and Impact Induction to group with the other mods they better align with when looking at Gauntlet mod inventory.
Fixed an issue where Font of Agility would display its perk description instead of its name in some tooltips.
Fixed an issue with all seven Siphon mods that caused them to generate extra Orbs of Power when swapping helmets.
Fixed an issue with the Harmonic Reserves armor mod where it would not reliably function while a Prismatic subclass was equipped.
Weapons
Weapon Archetypes

Auto Rifle, Scout Rifle, Pulse Rifle, Submachine Gun, Sidearm, Hand Cannon
Rebalanced how PvE damage is dealt to slightly prioritize critical hits.
Increased critical hit damage by between 5% and 7% depending on subfamily.
Decreased body shot damage by between 5% and 7% depending on subfamily.
Pulse Rifle
Heavy Burst (includes Graviton Lance and Revision Zero's Heavy Burst)
Increased RPM from 300 to 324.
Decreased damage in PvE by 18% for Legendary weapons in this subfamily.
Graviton Lance and Revision Zero Heavy Burst mode reduced by 8%.
Sniper Rifle
Reduced flinch received from enemy AI by 50%.
Reduced camera roll received from players by 10%.
Increased damage against:
Minors - 60%
Majors - 75%
Minibosses - 35%
Champions - 25%
Glaive
Corrected an issue where perks that change magazine size could sometimes display incorrect preview values.
Shotgun
Increased minimum damage after falloff from 0% to 40% vs AI only.
Rocket-Assisted Sidearm
Reduced reserve ammo by 25%.
Trace Rifles
Increased base PvP ammo from 25 to 29.
Machine Gun
High Impact
Increased critical hit damage by 4%.
Heavy Ammo Grenade Launcher
General
Decreased damage from the detonation by 5% against combatants
Increased projectile impact damage correspondingly, globally.
In PvE, total damage is the same, just split differently between detonation and impact.
In PvP, Heavy GLs now deal approximately 7% and 26% more impact damage, depending on the Blast Radius stat.
Rapid Fire
Increased impact and detonation damage by 7%.
PvP Weapon Tuning

Sidearm
Rapid-Fire: Critical Hit Damage - 39.9 to 40
Adaptive: Critical Hit Damage - 57.45 to 57.6
Precision: Critical Hit Damage - 63.85 to 64
Adaptive Burst: Critical Hit Damage - 36.5 to 37
Heavy Burst: Critical Hit Damage - 47.9 to 48
Lightweight: Critical Hit Damage - 49.5 to 49.6
Submachine Gun
Lightweight: Base Damage - 10.5 to 10.6
Adaptive: Base Damage - 10.9 to 11.5
Aggressive - Critical Hit Damage - 23.6 to 23.8
Precision - Base Damage - 16.5 to 16.7, Critical Hit Damage 26.8 to 26.7
Auto Rifle
Rapid-Fire: Base Damage - 13.4 to 13.5, Critical Hit Damage - 22.9 to 22.95
Adaptive: Critical Hit Damage - 26.5 to 26.25
Precision: Base Damage - 19 to 19.4, Critical Hit Damage - 33.6 to 33.95
High-Impact: Base Damage - 22 to 23, Critical Hit Damage - 40.1 to 41.4
Hand Cannon
Precision: Base Damage - 40.4 to 45.3, Critical Hit Damage - 70.25 to 70.22
Adaptive: Base Damage - 44.7 to 44.5, Critical Hit Damage - 80.3 to 80.1
Heavy Burst: Base Damage - 23.8 to 24, Critical Hit Damage - 49.6 to 52.8
Aggressive: Base Damage - 47.5 to 47.6, Critical Hit Damage - 88.1 to 88.05
Pulse Rifle
Rapid-Fire: Critical Hit Damage - 27.25 to 27.55
Lightweight: Critical Hit Damage - 31 to 31.45
Adaptive: Base Damage - 20 to 22, Critical Hit Damage - 36.5 to 36.3
Heavy Burst: Critical Hit Damage - 41.95 to 42.55
High-Impact: Critical Hit Damage - 40.1 to 39.6
Aggressive: Critical Hit Damage - 30 to 30.2
Scout Rifle
Rapid-Fire: Critical Hit Damage - 54.25 to 54.6
Lightweight: Critical Hit Damage - 63.85 to 64
Precision: Base Damage - 38 to 38.5
Aggressive: Critical Hit Damage - 91.1 to 91.8
High-Impact: Critical Hit Damage - 83.8 to 84
Bow
Lightweight: Base Damage - 77.1 to 77, Critical Hit Damage - 123.3 to 123.2
Exotic Weapons

Choir of One
Reduced base reserves from 250 to 200.
Reduced max reserves from 384 to 300.
Reduced impact damage of the Point-Blank projectile by 50%.
Increased hip fire projectile damage against players by 10%.
Now starts with seven ammo in Crucible and gains seven from crates and ammo bricks
Huckleberry
Folded the original catalyst behavior into the base perk (kills now fully refill the magazine) and replaced the catalyst perk with Kinetic Tremors.
Tarrabah
When Ravenous Beast is active, gain damage resistance against incoming Solar damage.
Symmetry
Now gains a stack of Dynamic Charge on kills in addition to precision hits.
Duality
On Black Wings stacks for max effect reduced from 5 to 3. Extended duration of buff from 7s to 10s.
Lumina
Updated hip-fire projectiles to behave like Support Auto Rifle healing shots.
Bad Juju
Increased lifetime of String of Curses from 3.5s base to 5.5s base.
Ex Diris
Increased direct hit damage vs ai by 33%.
Reduced camera recoil from firing by ~50%.
+5 reserve ammo.
Now spawns a moth on 2 direct hits.
Reduced moth cooldown from 4s to 3s, shared with on kill trigger.
Increased projectile velocity.
Reduced projectile gravity.
Fighting Lion
Spawns a volatile burst on direct hits.
Prospector
Now spawns three cluster bombs on detonation.
Removed sticky grenades, flame grenades, and remote det function.
Mag size reduced to six.
+50 Reload speed instead of +70 inventory on MW.
Chaperone
Added the ability to trigger Roadborn on two rapid precision hits.
Precision hits with Roadborn up also extend it by 3sec.
+20 stability, 0,75 reload mult with Roadborn active.
+20 inventory base.
Ruinous Effigy
Changed the "Transmutation Sphere" obituary string to "Ruinous Effigy."
Weapon perks

Slice
Fixed an issue where the Sever debuff was not properly reducing outgoing damage from players.
Slideways
Can now be refreshed if you slide again following the completion of the initial slide.
Alloy Mag
Now increases reload speed when the magazine is near empty.
Auto Loading Holster
Increased time to reload by one second for both base and enhanced.
Reconstruction
Increased time to start reloading by two seconds for both base and enhanced.
Sticky Grenades
On Heavy Ammo GLs, this perk now shifts the damage to more focused on the splash, so they can be more effective traps without losing out on the impact damage.
Stunning Recovery
Now fully refills this weapon from reserves.
Master of Arms
Can now stack up to x2.
x1 grants 15% damage for 7s
x2 grants 25% damage for 4s
Drops back to x1 when the timer expires.
Dawning Surprise Origin Trait
Removed the time limit between kills, now requires kills in a life instead of in rapid succession.
Air Trigger
Fixed an issue where the enhanced version was not granting additional reserves.
Iron Reach, Iron Gaze, and Iron Grip
Reduced the downside stat penalties.
Base: From -30 to -20
Enhanced: From -25 to -15
Enhanced Eddy Current
Fixed an issue where Amplified would not immediately boost the perk to its highest state.
Weapon Mods

Added several new weapon mods
Can be equipped on any enhanced or crafted weapon.
Combo stat mod: bundles two stats (+6 / +6).
Ballistics: range/stability
Finesse: reload/handling
Aerodynamics: blast radius/projectile speed
Tension: draw time/accuracy
Edge: charge rate/guard resistance
Anti-flinch: 15% flinch reduction
Ammo Finder enhancement:
Special Finder Enhancement: faster progress on Special Ammo Finder.
Heavy Finder Enhancement: faster progress on Heavy Ammo Finder.
Optics mod: allows customization of weapon zoom
Marksman Optics: Sniper Rifle, Linear Fusion Rifle, Scout Rifle, Bow, Machinegun, Trace Rifle, Rocket Launcher
Marksman Optics: High: +2 zoom
Marksman Optics: Low: -2 zoom
CQC Optics: Hand Cannon, Pulse Rifle, Auto Rifle, Submachinegun, Sidearm, Fusion Rifle, Breech Grenade Launcher, Drum Grenade Launcher
CQC Optics: High: +1 zoom
CQC Optics: Low: -1 zoom
Synergy: spawns a subclass bauble matching this weapon's damage type every 12 kills - Kinetic weapons spawn an orb of power instead.
Stunloader: partially refills this weapon's magazine on stunning a Champion.
Weapon crafting

The Garden of Salvation weapons are now craftable.
Each week, players can acquire a pursuit from Hawthorne in the Tower asking them to complete all encounters of the Garden of Salvation raid.
Completion will award guaranteed pattern progress until all patterns are acquired and unlock a vendor exchange on Hawthorne for one additional selectable Deepsight weapon.
Updated the Season of Opulence reprised Swords and Shotgun to allow for equipping mementos.
Updated the Season of Undying reprised weapons to allow for the equipping of mementos.
Fixed an issue where weapon leveling boosting The Engima Glaive during the crafting introduction quest line did not properly complete the quest step.
Fixed an issue where enhanced raid Adept weapons from Vow of the Disciple displayed the crafting overlay on their icon instead of the enhancement icon.
Weapon ornaments

Fixed an issue causing some weapon ornaments to not look as intended.
Coldheart: Theoretical Endothermics
Fixed corrupted textures and pieces of the base weapon showing through the ornament.
Salvation's Grip: Unyielding Grasp
Decals only intended for the base weapon no longer appear on the ornament.
Arbalest: Violent Exorcism
Decals only intended for the base weapon no longer appear on the ornament.
MIDA Mini-Tool: Defenseless, to Be Armed
Fixed corrupted textures when applied to the base MIDA Mini-Tool. No change when applied to CALUS Mini-Tool.
Drang: Alone, to Be Joined
Fixed corrupted textures when applied to the base Drang. No change when applied to Drang (Baroque).
Rapacious Appetite: The Bunker
Fixed pieces of the base weapon showing through the ornament.
Weapon fixes

Fixed an issue where some weapons acquired with curated rolls pre-The Final Shape could not properly enhance their perks.
Reduced the frequency of previewed magazine size being different than the real magazine size when a perk or Backup Mod is actually applied.
Fixed an issue where Adept swords didn't receive +3 bonus stats to other stats when fully Masterworked.
Fixed an issue where Ergo Sum didn't display in collections.
Added a missing range stat to the Aberrant Action sidearm and adjusted some existing stats to distinguish it from Indebted Kindness which had the exact same stats.
Range: 027
Airborne Effectiveness: 1113
Reload: 2836
Blast Radius: 3532
Velocity: 5653
We opted to buff the Reload and AE stats to better synergize with Heal Clip and airborne gameplay with solar builds.
Blast Radius and Velocity were reduced to account for the origin trait and Incandescent already contributing to the area-of-effect capabilities of the weapon.
Fixed an issue where the Sacred Flame trait's explosion on Ergo Sum counted as damage from a Primary ammo weapon for the purposes of other systems, like Super or Transcendent energy gain or bounties.
Fixed an issue where Caster Sword heavy attacks would not trigger perks like Whirlwind Blade and Cold Steel.
Fixed an issue causing Two-Tailed Fox to not apply correct scorch values with the Ember of Eruption and Ember of Ashes fragments.
Fixed an issue where using a Sword heavy attack would trigger a recharge delay on all equipped Swords - this now just applies to the Sword that performed the attack.
Fixed an issue where the Loose Change weapon perk would not trigger when applying Weaken.
Fixed an issue where Sniper Rifles, Glaives, Trace Rifles and Leviathan's Breath did not get ammo reserves bonuses in our recent tuning.
Fixed an issue where Wolfpack Rounds granted by Ergo Sum would not be created if given to user's wielding Aggressive Frame Swords.
Fixed an issue where Collective Action could not be triggered by Stasis shards created by the Whisper of Chains Stasis fragment.
Abilities
General

Void Overshield
Increased Void Overshield PvE damage resistance from 50% to 70%.
This increases maximum effective HP from 90 to 150.
Facet of Command/Echo of Domineering
Cooldown reduced from 11 seconds to 4 seconds.
Swarm Grenade
Swarm Grenade submunitions are now easier for players to shoot down.
Swarm Grenade submunitions can now chain detonate other submunitions when destroyed.
Titan

Towering Barricade, Rally Barricade
When a player is standing behind a barricade, the barricade now taunts combatants in front of the barricade.
Combatants in front of the barricade now shoot at the barricade instead of at the player behind the barricade.
Reduced non-boss combatant damage vs. barricades by 50%.
Increased combatant splash-damage reduction when standing behind the barricade from 20% to 60%.
Now grants moderate damage resistance vs. combatants during cast.
Unarmed Melee
Increased damage to players by 5%.
Increased damage against PvE combatants by 20%.
Increased stun multiplier.
Behemoth
Howl of the Storm
Howl of the Storm can now be used during the Glacial Quake Super.
Shiver Strike
Now attaches a Stasis explosive to the target on impact.
This detonation slows players and freezes combatants.
Now refunds 80% melee energy on whiff.
Increased energy recharge rate by 12.5%.
Immediately after landing a Shiver Strike attack, the attacker's melee ability is now suppressed for 0.5s.
Diamond Lance
Thrown or slammed Diamond Lances will now shatter Stasis crystals.
Slamming a Diamond Lance will grant you and nearby allies two stacks of Frost Armor.
Changed the weapon tray HUD to display how many seconds are remaining before the Diamond Lance disappears, like a Tangle.
Sentinel
Unbreakable
Now taunts enemies in front of the shield.
Damage blocked by Unbreakable now generates grenade energy.
Increased max duration the shield can be held.
Forward movement speed now slows down briefly when the shield is shot.
Reduced Unbreakable's throw attack damage vs. players by 20%.
Increased damage bleed through from players by 15%.
Fully charged Unbreakable attacks will now one-shot Barricades in PvP except when the Barricade is under the effects of Heart of Inmost Light.
Banner Shield
Now taunts enemies in front of the shield.
Twilight Arsenal
Thrown axe projectiles now more consistently track towards targets closer to the reticle.
Increased Twilight Arsenal's axe relic weapon damage vs combatants by 23%.
Striker
Thundercrash
Increased base detonation damage by 33%.
Fist of Havok
Increased damage resistance from 51% to 58%.
Changed how the light attack works under the hood to improve consistency in hitting targets.
Slightly increased light attack lunge range and ability to target enemies vertically.
Thunderclap
Fully charged Thunderclap attacks will now one-shot barricades in PvP except when the barricade is under the effects of Heart of Inmost Light.
Knockout
Melee kills now cancel health and shield stun, in addition to healing, allowing you to immediately start regenerating.
Sunbreaker
Consecration
Scorch and slam waves now shatter Stasis crystals.
Hunter

Prismatic
Hailfire Spike Prismatic Grenade
Added projectile tracking and aim assist to increase consistency in hitting targets.
Arcstrider
Combination Blow
Rescaled healing from a flat 80 HP per kill to 100/80/60/40 per kill based on stack count.
No longer clears health and shield stun on kill.
Removed the 1.5 second internal cooldown on healing.
Disorienting Blow
Reduced cooldown from 90 seconds at T3/45 seconds at T10 to 80 seconds at T3 and 41 at T10.
Disorienting Blow now has the same cooldown and energy gains as Combination Blow.
Threadrunner
Threaded Specter
Increased detonation damage vs. combatants by 33%.
Gunslinger
Golden Gun - Marksman and Deadshot
Increased damage against base, elite, and miniboss combatants by 30%.
Nightstalker
Spectral Blades
Increased PvE damage by 20%.
Increased damage resistance from 47% to 58%.
Warlock

Stormcaller
Stormtrance
Increased damage resistance from 53% to 58%.
Chaos Reach
Increased damage resistance from 45% to 55%.
Fixed an issue where Chaos Reach would not Jolt at high framerates.
Fixed an issue where Chaos Reach would not go through Sentinel Shield's guard or a Citan's Barricade.
Lightning Surge
The Warlock casting Lightning Surge now has 50% damage resistance vs. Titan Barricades during the lunge.
Casting Lightning Surge now also makes you Amplified.
Voidwalker
Nova Warp
Increased PvE damage by 20%.
Increased damage resistance from 51% to 58%.
Now any Nova Warp detonation applies Volatile, regardless of charge duration.
Pathfinder
Separated Rituals pathfinder into three separate Pathfinders.
Each pathfinder includes objectives that can be completed in any of the three ritual activities.
Added a "freebie" objective in the first column for the first card of the week (one for each Pathfinder).
Objectives rebalanced to reduce overall path completion times.
Reward story is shared across Pathfinders (i.e. completing 3x of one Pathfinder is the same as completing 1x of each of the three Pathfinders).
Power and Progression
Increased the Power Bands
Power Floor: 1900
Soft Cap: 1950 (increased from 1940)
Powerful Cap: 2000 (increased from 1990)
Hard Cap/Pinnacle Cap: 2010 (increased from 2000)
Gameplay Modifiers
Banes
In higher difficulty activities such as Expert Nightfalls, combatants will randomly spawn with a random Bane applied.
Banes add an additional gameplay element to the combatant without interfering with their base combat behavior.
Localization
Several voice talents have been temporarily recast.
Polish Crow
German Eramis
Mexican Spanish Eramis
Italian Eido
Italian Eramis
Several voice talents have been permanently recast.
Polish Variks
Mexican Spanish Spider
Mexican Spanish Variks
General
Fixed an issue keeping some players from acquiring the Encryption Key necessary to obtain the legendary Khvostov in the Pale Heart.
Affected players will need to make space in their consumables inventory; the next time they reach orbit they should have the Encryption Key.
Fixed an issue causing Motes of Light to get stuck in some players' postmaster or inventory after obtaining the exotic Khvostov.
Affected players should now be able to discard Motes of Light once they've obtained the Exotic.
Fixed an issue where some conditional dialog from Failsafe on Nessus wouldn't trigger as expected.
Bundles that feature ornaments to your currently previewed Weapon or Armor will now also appear as options for purchase in the Appearance Modification screen.

Destiny 2 Update 8.0.5.5
Activities
Exotic Missions
Encore

Darkness has been removed from both Encore boss encounters on Normal difficulty. On Expert, Darkness is unchanged.
UI/UX
Fireteam Finder
Activity-specific Titles have been added to Exotic Mission: Encore to support players in communicating their goals to potential fireteam members.
Gameplay and Investment
Triumphs
Adjusted enemy density in Skywatch to better support the engram requirements of the Accidental Generosity Triumph.
Eververse
Adjusted the visibility of the Recommendations tile in Eververse.

Destiny 2 Update 8.0.5.4
Activities
Grandmaster Nightfall
Fixed an issue where the catchup node wasn't available for players that had completed six different Grandmaster Nightfalls.
Crucible
Trials of Osiris

Fixed an issue where players could retain Special ammo between rounds.
Exotic Missions
Encore

Fixed an issue where progression could be blocked in the final boss encounter if the player had to repeat either the left or the right capture ring.
Fixed an issue where depositing a Connection Module too early during a certain section of the mission could trigger a team wipe.
Set the text and waypoint of a certain step of the final boss encounter sequence to always appear on-screen to help clarify the need to repeat the sequence from the beginning after a DPS window ends.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Fixed an issue where Eriana's Vow was not correctly dealing 67% increased damage to Barrier Champions.
In addition, removed a -40% scalar the weapon had for dealing damage against Barrier Champion shields.
Abilities
Hunter

Threaded Specter

Increased cooldown duration of Marksman Dodge and Gambler's Dodge when Threaded Specter is equipped.
Removed dodge cooldown penalty after creating clone.
If the clone is destroyed by attacks, it no longer spawns Threadlings.
Increased the amount of time the clone will distract nearby combatants before exploding.
Snare Bomb

Reduced the time the Smoke Bomb projectile lingers in the world from 10s to 3.5s.
Reduced the player movement speed penalty imparted by the smoke by 25%.
Titan

Fixed an issue where some players had the Twilight Arsenal Super unlocked for Prismatic, but not their Void subclass.
Grenades

Swarm Grenade
Increased Swarm Grenade base cooldown duration by 15%.
Moved Swarm Grenade to a slower recharge tier for non-passive grenade-energy gains.
UI & UX
Fireteam Finder
Fixed an issue where Encore would not appear as an option in Fireteam Finder.
Due to Fireteam Finder display criteria, players should only expect to see entries (Standard and Expert) for the version of the mission they can currently launch from the HELM.

Destiny 2 Update 8.0.5.3
Activities
Solstice
Fixed an issue where the Flamekeeper Event Challenge would not count towards completing the Reveler Title.
Gameplay and Investment
Abilities
Fixed an issue where the Cryoclasm Aspect would deactivate on subsequent slides if the player sprinted after the first one.
Armor
Fixed an issue where the non-glow version of the Solstice 2024 Sublime armor was not available for Warlocks for Armor Synthesis.
If a player has not unlocked the glows, they will not be able to see the unkindled ornaments.
Corrected an issue where the non-glow versions of the Solstice 2024 Sublime armor were missing names in the Armor Synthesis screen once the glows were unlocked.
General
Fixed an issue with the Korean localization for a number of bounties.
Fixed an issue where some Solar and Strand ability objectives used incorrect terms for subclass verbs in Pathfinder.

Destiny 2 Update 8.0.5.2
Activities
Crucible
Trials of Osiris
Updated the Special ammo rules for Trials of Osiris.
Players will no longer spawn with one kills worth of Special ammo at the beginning of the round.
A second set of Special ammo crates will now spawn at two fixed neutral locations 10 seconds before the Dominion zone becomes active.
Each crate will still grant a single kills worth of ammo.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Osmiomancy Gloves & Spirit of Osmiomancy
Fixed an issue where Coldsnap grenades were not consistently granting energy back when used against Champions.
Added an unkindled (non-glow) version of the Solstice 2024 Sublime armor as universal ornament options for Hunters and Titans (see note below).
For players that have unlocked the armor glows for these sets during this year's Solstice, both versions will be available to unlock in the appearance screen. If a player has not unlocked the glows, they will not be able to view the unkindled ornaments.
Note: We've identified a last-minute issue where the unkindled ornaments are not appearing on Warlocks. Additionally, these ornament selections do not currently have text strings. We plan to fix this in a future update.
Weapons
General
Fixed an issue where after acquiring all six of the Salvation's Edge weapon patterns, Adept weapons did not drop with a third perk in the right trait column.
Glaives
Fixed an issue where Glaives had their melee damage reduced.
Graviton Lance
Fixed an issue where Graviton Lance's RPM was unintentionally nerfed.
Fortunate Star
Fixed an issue where the Fortunate Star Bow was showing incorrect stat values on the inspection screen.

Destiny 2 Update 8.0.5.1
Activities
Trials of Osiris
Fixed issue where some players were unable to access Trials despite having the latest expansion.
Raids and Dungeons
Salvation's Edge
Fixed an issue where completing the Substratum encounter with an all-Warlock fireteam was not counting towards the "Unified Front" Triumph.
UI/UX
Fireteam Finder
Fixed an issue in Fireteam Finder where listings created for Grandmaster Nightfalls could launch you into a different Nightfall.
Gameplay and Investment
Perks
Fixed an issue that allowed Eager Edge's lunge benefits to occasionally apply to non-Sword melee attacks.
Pathfinder
Reduced Gambit Big Game Hunter objective completion value to 1.
Fixed an issue where melee and grenade kill objective completion values were reversed for the lower and higher tier variants.
Fixed an issue where elemental ability kill objectives were missing text.
Investment
Fixed an issue where the Solstice Keepsake memento would not drop if a player was already holding one. Now, the Solstice Keepsake will continue to drop until the player has three in their inventory.
Fixed an issue where the description of the Solstice Ghost projection "Fireworks Projection" did not note that it is subclass reactive.
Fixed an issue where the store tile icons for the "Aggressively Affirmative", "Confident Strut" and "Raise the Roof" emotes were not appearing with correct art.
General
Fixed an issue that caused the Ghost Shell "IX Shell" to glow extremely brightly when certain shaders were applied.

Destiny 2 Update 8.0.5
Activities
Crucible
General
Increased the weighting of popular maps and decreased the weighting of less popular maps.
Increased the weight for Javelin-4, Burnout, Endless Vale, Cirrus Plaza, Dissonance, and Eventide Ruins.
Reduced the weight for Disjunction, Cathedral of Dusk, Convergence, Twilight Gap, Exodus Blue, Dead Cliffs.
All other maps have standard weighting.
Updated snake draft to better account for fireteams.
Updated the quitter penalties to be more lenient for players who rarely quit or get disconnected, but much more restrictive for players who quit regularly.
Competitive
Competitive Artifice armor challenge is available after placement series if player is gold or higher.
Reduced the score to win in Clash mode from 40 to 35.
Improved the spawn logic in Collision mode to prioritize spawning you closer to teammates.
Fixed an issue where the rank-based matchmaking tooltip referenced glory instead of competitive rank.
Trials
While in a three-person fireteam, losses will not remove a win from Passage of Persistence.
Enabled the blended ammo system in Trials.
The prototype Special ammo meter has now been fully deprecated from our core Crucible experience, though it will still be available in private matches and when Checkmate is in a rotator.
The meter system is currently being rebuilt to address technical and balance concerns, and we will have more info on its return at a later date.
Fixed an issue where the newer versions of Summoner and Eye of Sol did not unlock the collectible in the Trials Collection badge.
Fixed an issue where disconnecting while on the Passage of Ferocity would sometimes prevent players from launching the activity.
Iron Banner
Temporarily removed Tribute for additional improvements.
Fixed an issue where Crimil's Dagger and Claws of the Wolf did not count towards the Orimund's Taste Triumph.
Private Matches
Increased the player cap for Rumble in private match lobbies to 12 players.
Raid & Dungeons
Salvation's Edge
Fixed an issue where extra Resonance pickups would not be removed after the completion of some activities.
Fixed an issue where players who died in traversal areas could respawn in locations that made it difficult to return to the intended path.
Fixed an issue where the Lore Book Triumph was missing individual steps, descriptions, and icons.
Fixed an issue in the Verity encounter where extra Ghost pickups could unintentionally be created, causing difficulties in determining the correct Ghost pickup.
Fixed an issue where an enrage warning was missing from the Herald of Finality boss encounter.
Fixed an issue where the raid armor mods had duplicate text in the description.
Fixed an issue where objective progress text was missing for multiple Triumphs.
Seasonal Activities
Breach Executable
Adjusted tuning for the laser walls during the minotaur boss (Tym) encounter.
Increased delay time on the laser wall cadence.
Reduced damage of laser wall by 50%.
Fixed an issue where players could get out of bounds during the minotaur boss (Tym) encounter.
Onslaught
A new Onslaught Attunement option is available from Zavala in the Tower.
Players can select a single BRAVE Arsenal weapon to attune to, increasing the drop chance by 60% in Onslaught.
Excision
Fixed an issue where selecting the narrative version of Excision did not play the End/Epilogue cinematics after completion.
Dual Destiny
Added a weekly challenge to Dual Destiny that rewards an Exotic class item (Powerful Tier 1) upon completion.
Liminality
Fixed an issue where waterfalls could lose their sound if players returned to them after already passing through.
Vanguard Ops
Fixed an issue where Champions appeared in Battlegrounds launched from the Vanguard Ops playlist.
UI/UX
Fireteam Finder
Added "All" as a search option to activity selection.
Added a toast for all members after leader's summon via Fireteam Finder.
Added an alert when a player is kicked from the fireteam.
Added a notification to text chat when friends come online.
Added a setting to toggle on/off the notification for friends coming online.
Added more accurate location information when viewing players in the roster.
Fixed an issue that could allow an unavailable activity to be selected using Fireteam Finder.
Fixed an issue where inviting players to a Fireteam Finder lobby did not take into account the Fireteam invite privacy settings.
Fixed an issue where Empire Hunt activities were missing from Create/Search.
Fixed an issue where system messages could fill up text chat and make messages vertical.
Fixed an issue where player names were not showing in roster tooltip.
Fixed an issue where the invite modal did not close after rejecting a Fireteam Finder invite.
Fixed an issue where the Bungie Friends list did not refresh immediately upon login.
Quests
Fixed an issue where New Light quests had a blank image when on Featured Quest view.
Gameplay and Investment
Abilities
General
Reduced the amount of Super energy gained by Rocket Sidearms per damage event by ~20%.
Fixed an issue where Strand fragments incorrectly referenced "Locked Until Raid World First Achieved" purchase requirement.
Reduced the distance that Swarm grenade submunition projectiles can travel once they begin tracking a target.
Titan
Increased Hammer of Sol damage against boss and mini-boss combatants by 25%.
Increased Twilight Arsenal damage against boss and mini-boss combatants by 20%.
Fixed an issue where Twilight Arsenal axes would unintentionally track to combatants below the player during cast.
Fixed an issue where the detonation produced by the Unbreakable Aspect was being scaled without absorbing damage while thermite grenade was equipped.
Hunter
Reduced aim-assist strength on Threaded Specter by ~50% vs. players and added a short delay before the aim-assist takes effect.
Reduced Threaded Specter detonation damage against players from 100 at maximum to 60 at maximum.
Reduced Threaded Specter detonation damage against players from 60 at minimum to 30 at minimum.
Fixed an issue where kills with Gun Powder Gamble would not activate Facet of Mending.
Fixed an issue where "Gunpowder Gamble Ready" buff notification would remain visible after swapping of the Gunpowder Gamble Aspect.
Warlock
Fixed an issue where Threadlings did not roost onto Prismatic Warlocks with just Weaver's Call and Phoenix Dive equipped.
Fixed an issue where Penumbral Blast would not auto-shatter enemies it froze while Winter's Guile was equipped on Prismatic Warlock.
Exotic Armor
Hunter
Radiant Dance Machines
Fixed an issue where players could repeatedly activate the Ascension Aspect when they had Radiant Dance Machines equipped.
Arthys's Embrace
Fixed an issue where the Arthys's Embrace Exotic could have its damage bonus extended by shooting allied targets.
Titan
Arbor Warden
Fixed an issue that caused Arbor Warden to block players from gaining Transcendence energy from Prismatic rifts.
Lion Rampant
Fixed an issue where you could aim down sights (ADS) while Lion Rampant's-enhanced lift was active without disrupting the lift.
Hazardous Propulsion
Fixed an issue where Hazardous Propulsion was not boosting the splash damage of Quicksilver Storm's micro-rockets.
Warlock
Getaway Artist
No longer grants grenade energy on Arc Soul hit while the player has Devour active.
Solipsism
Fixed an issue where Vortex grenades were granting more energy back than intended with the Spirit of Osmiomancy perk.
Fixed an issue where the Super damage bonus from Spirit of the Star Eater was being applied to ignitions caused by Song of Flame.
Armor Mods
Updated the Exotic Artifice upgrade icon to be more distinct from an empty Artifice mod socket.
Fixed an issue that allowed swapping between regular armor mods and Reserves mods to enable a higher ammo count than the current maximum.
This was never intended functionality. To help offset this fix, we're buffing the following ammo-related aspects:
Reserve ammunition for all weapon types has been increased by up to 15%, with weapons with low reserves for their weapon type getting a larger buff.
Reduced the cost of Reserves mods by 1.
Fixed an issue where Special and Heavy ammo finder mods would not provide additional benefits when equipping a third copy.
Weapon Archetypes
Scout Rifles
Aggressive Scout Rifles
Increased PvE damage by 30%.
Dead Man's Tale is affected by this change.
Pulse Rifles
Heavy Burst
Fixed an issue where these weapons were displaying their RPM as 395 instead of 300. This does not affect the weapons actual RPM; it is just a visual fix.
Snipers
Reduced flinch taken from combatants by 50%.
Glaives
Increased melee damage in PvE by 20%.
Shotguns
Lightweights
Fixed an issue where Lightweight Shotguns were not receiving the Lightweight intrinsic buff to movement speed and mobility.
Special Ammo Sidearms
Rocket-Assisted Frame
Corrected an issue that was allowing them to progress Ammo Finder mods as if they were Primary weapons.
PvP Weapon Tuning
Bows
Precisions: Base Damage - 84.6 to 90, Critical Hit Damage - 126.9 to 130.5.
Exotic Weapons
Duality
Corrected an issue where Duality was not using the Slug Shotgun ADS damage falloff scalar value of 1.2x.
Conditional Finality
Reduced base handling by 15.
Can no longer freeze players who are in a Well of Radiance.
Bastion
Corrected an issue where Bastion was not spawning with ammo in the Crucible.
Eriana's Vow
Increased damage versus Barrier Champion shields by 67%.
Monte Carlo
Fixed an issue that allowed Monte Carlo's bayonet damage to persist when picking up a carry object.
Ergo Sum
Fixed an issue where Ergo Sum's Sacred Flame Trait's effects counted as Primary weapon damage.
Wishkeeper
Fixed an issue where some versions of the Wishkeeper Exotic Bow had unintentional access to the Combat Grip. These have been updated to have Heavy Grip.
Perks
Recombination
Corrected an issue where the perk would sometimes deactivate before dealing the bonus damage.
Threat Remover
Increased buff duration from 5 to 7 seconds.
Reduced Pellets to proc from 12 to 11.
Added a handling scalar.
Golden Tricorn
Fixed an issue where Golden Tricorn was activating on ability kills that did not match the weapon's damage type.
Onslaught
Fixed an issue where enhanced Onslaught could activate on grenade kills.
Weapon Mods
Removed the range penalty from the Adept Counterbalance mod.
Removed the handling penalty from the Adept Mag mod.
Removed the stability penalty from the Adept Targeting mod and reduced the aim assist stat bonus from 10 to 7.
General
Weapons granted during The Pantheon raid event that equipped non-functional masterworks will be corrected to a working masterwork for that weapon archetype, or enhanced intrinsic if the weapon has been enhanced since.
Fixed an issue where the Circular Logic Machine Guns would only drop with Feeding Frenzy in the left trait column.
Fixed an issue where Gunpowder Gambit kills would not activate Adrenaline Junkie.
Fixed an issue that was causing Special ammo weapons to deal more damage to frozen targets than intended and Rocket Sidearms to deal less.
Fixed an issue where older curated rolls of Riposte received the weapon trait Golden Tricorn. These instances have been updated to have Desperate Measures.
If the weapon was enhanced to Tier 3 Weapon Enhancement, it will be updated to Enhanced Desperate Measures.
Fixed an issue where older curated rolls of Rose received both Outlaw and Pulse Monitor. These perks were not intended to be available on this weapon and have been replaced with Rapid Hit and Eye of the Storm respectively.
If the weapon was enhanced, the perks will be updated to Enhanced Rapid hit and Enhanced Eye of the Storm.
Fixed an issue where a curated version of the Acosmic Grenade Launcher received Snapshot and Opening shot at the release of The Final Shape. This curated roll has been updated to Field Prep and Wellspring.
Fixed an issue where old versions of the Blasphemer Shotgun had unintentional access to High Caliber Rounds. These instances have been updated to now have Accurized Rounds.
Fixed an issue where the Season of the Forge-issued Nightshade had unintentional access to Armor Piercing Rounds. These instances have been updated to now have Tactical Magazine.
Fixed a rare issue where some Root of Nightmares Adept weapons updated by players during the Craftening had Enhanced Traits ahead of schedule in the weapon enhancement progression. In these rare cases, the Enhanced Trait has been swapped with the base trait to facilitate enhancing the weapon properly.
Fixed several reprise weapons that had incorrect lore tabs: Eye of Sol, Astral Horizon, The Summoner, Loaded Question, Sleepless, Twilight Oath, The Messenger.
Added a speed limit to the acceleration applied to the player when rocket jumping with The Mountaintop.
Pathfinder
Reduced kill requirements in PvP for grenade and melee kill objectives.
Removed single life requirement from melee and grenade kill objectives.
Removed subclass verb requirements from elemental ability kill objectives and now reward bonus progress on subclass verb interactions (ex. jolt).
Accessories
Fixed an issue where the Bungie Foundation Disciple's Shell listed an incorrect source in Collections.
General
Fixed an issue where Tessellation was incorrectly being granted to players without The Final Shape Annual Pass Edition.
The weapon will not be removed from anyone who already has it.
Fixed an issue where certain legacy Iron Banner ornament items were missing a description.
Adjusted chances for acquiring Exotic class items from chests to be more generous.
Increased progression on escalation chest chances.
Removed progression on world chest chances.
World chests can still drop the item but won't increase drop chances from future chests.
Fixed an issue where Xr's Strange Favor buff was not available to be redeemed for all characters on the account once it was unlocked for the week.

Destiny 2 Update 8.0.0.8
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Reduced Still Hunt's Golden Gun damage while using Celestial Nighthawk by 33%.
Armor
Fixed an issue where Point-Contact Cannon Brace could spawn lightning strikes on unintended melees.
Artifact
Fixed an issue where Sniper's Meditation was buffing Still Hunt's Golden Gun shots.
Seasonal Activity
Fixed an issue where finishing the Breach Executable Weekly Challenge would not complete the Aggressive Exploration 1 Seasonal Challenge.
Quests
Fixed an issue where the Ghost Tracker message on Micah-10 would not properly be removed after all quests had been provided.
Guardian Ranks and Journey Screen
Fixed an issue where the Transcendent and Iconoclast titles weren't counting toward Guardian Rank requirements.
General
Fixed an issue where the Strange Favor buff from Xr was not providing bonus Strange Coins when completing ritual activities.

Destiny 2 Update 8.0.0.7
Activities
Vanguard Ops
Liminality

Fixed an issue where the initial dialog may not trigger correctly.
Crucible
Fixed the respawn timer option not setting correctly in Crucible Private Match.
Raid and Dungeons
Fixed an issue with endgame timers being too short.
Ghosts of the Deep

Fixed an issue that prevented players from seeing their buffs and debuffs while underwater.
Salvation's Edge

Fixed an issue where the Witness's health could be emptied as Final Stand ended, leading to a softlock.
Fixed an issue that prevented enemies from despawning after the Witness's defeat.
Fixed an issue preventing players from claiming the Monolithic Memento from the vendor at the end of Salvation's Edge, after successfully meeting the unlock requirements.
Exotic Mission Rotator
Fixed an issue where Avalon and Starcrossed were not including the weekly activity challenge for rotator mission completions.
UI and UX
Fireteam Finder
Fixed an issue where last season's Grandmaster Nightfalls appeared as listing options, and if selected, players might launch into the incorrect Nightfall.
Gameplay and Investment
Pathfinder
Fixed an issue where the Urban Parkour Pathfinder objective was not being updated when completed in Lost City Outskirts.
Fixed an issue with the map location for the Blighted Clash Pathfinder objective on The Pale Heart.
Fixed an issue where the Resonant Synergy Pathfinder objective didn't work with the Prismatic subclasses.
Fixed an issue where a non-PvP option wasn't available on one of the Rituals Pathfinder options.
Changed the node that required 150 Cabal kills so that it takes all combatants into consideration. Cabal kills grant additional progress.
Gameplay
Shieldcrush (Artifact Perk)

Fixed an issue where Grapple Punch was gaining full bonuses from either half of the Artifact perk.
While Radiant or Amplified, Grapple Punch will gain a 12% bonus.
While Radiant or Amplified, if Woven Mail, Frost Armor, or a Void Overshield are active, Grapple Punch will gain another stacking 12% bonus. This results in a net 25% bonus.
Winter's Shroud

Fixed an issue where it was providing a damage resist in PvP.
Thundercrash

Fixed a crash that could occur if players casted Thundercrash while holding the Unbreakable shield.
Armor
Precious Scars

Fixed an issue where the Sol Invictus and Offensive Bulwark Aspects would block Kintsugi from properly working.
Osmiomancy Gloves

Fixed an issue where grenade regeneration would work with grenades other than Coldsnaps.
This fix does not affect Spirit of Osmiomancy.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where the Enhanced Eddy Current perk was being applied twice.
Fixed an issue where keys from the raid used in Excision could provide a weapon whose pattern is already unlocked.
Now it will drop a Salvation's Edge raid Deepsight weapon that always provides pattern progress until all patterns for Salvation's Edge are unlocked.
Fixed a rare issue where the Guardian Games weapons Taraxippos and The Title could errantly cause crashes when weapon leveling Enhanced or crafted weapons.
Reduced the muzzle flash visual effects of The Riposte Auto Rifle.
Rewards
Fixed an issue blocking acquisition of the Lightfall Exotic armor reward for Legendary campaign completion.
Fixed an issue where the Ignited Light Triumph was not tracking encounter challenges.
Fixed an issue where Dread combatants and Tormentors were not providing the intended amount of XP and Glimmer upon death.
Platforms and Systems
Fixed an issue that could cause thermal errors on Xbox platforms when near Prismatic wells.

Destiny 2 Update 8.0.0.6
Activities
The Pale Heart
General

Fixed an issue where players could level weapons faster than intended in Overthrow.
Fixed an issue where the Heart's Hidden Depths Pathfinder objective could not progress by completing the Forgotten Deep and the Broken Deep Lost Sectors.
Fixed an issue where the Overthrow boss Triumphs did not count specific bosses.
Cysts

Fixed issue where Swords in Sword Dance Cyst would report that the player never picked up a Sword and failed the Triumph.
Made the following changes to Infested Caverns:
Fixed issue in Moth Infested Caverns where an Acolyte had a delayed spawn, causing plate capture delay.
Removed moth respawns during the boss fight.
Added 2 minutes to the time trial timer to give players a total of 6 minutes to complete it.
Fixed an issue that could cause a game crash when breaking hive "gunk" with a Sword.
Vanguard Playlist
Fixed issue where Lightfall and The Witch Queen expansions were required to access certain Vanguard Ops contents.
Crucible
Fixed an issue where the Still Hunt Exotic Sniper Rifle was getting more Special ammo than intended in some modes.
Fixed an issue where Ghost Mods were erroneously granting bonus rewards for private mode match completions.
Fixed an issue where private mode Rumble matches were granting players reputation incorrectly.
Pathfinder
Fixed an issue where the Resonant Synergy challenge does not work with the Prismatic subclass.
Fixed an issue where the Light Magnitude node incorrectly mentioned Masterworked weapons as a requirement to generate Orbs of Power.
Reduced the number of ability kills required for the Proof of Ability node from 100 to 25.
Dungeons and Raids
Salvation's Edge

Extended the timer after the last encounter has been completed.
Fixed an issue where purchasing Adept weapons from the vendor on Master difficulty did not provide a weapon.
The Shattered Throne

Fixed an issue where Surges were still applied.
Seasonal
Enigma Protocol

Fixed an issue where sometimes the countdown timer would not appear until the second half of the mission.
Breach Executable

Fixed a rare game crash that could occur when collecting materials during the activity.
Fixed an issue where the Weekly Activity challenge wasn't properly tracking Expert difficulty completions.
Fixed an issue where Expert level Vex combatants were dealing higher than intended damage.
Made the following changes to material gathering:
Reduced the time needed to extract samples.
Two Pistons are now always available per run.
Navigation points for Pistons are now visible from further away.
We have increased the roaming time available after a player has started the next encounter.
Fixed an issue where the banner for reaching score tiers (Silver, Gold, Platinum) was missing some text.
Gameplay and Investment
Abilities
Fixed an issue that prevented players from gaining an improved glide if Heat Rises was activated while already gliding.
Fixed an issue where Facet of Hope was not correctly working with certain buffs.
Armor
Removed Year 6 gear from the Blind Well loot pool.
Speaker's Sight:
We have disabled the ability to create Orbs of Power in PvP.
We will be considering ways to approach this in a more balanced way in the future.
Weapons
Exotics

Khvostov:
Corrected an issue that was significantly reducing recoil.
To partially offset this change, we have increased its stability stat by 30.
Reduced the damage of its ricochet shots against players only.
Initial damage bonus decreased from 15% to 5%.
Bounce impact damage decreased from 18.4 to 4.6.
Red Death:
Reduced the intrinsic stability bonus granted by the custom recoil pattern.
Hawkmoon:
Corrected an issue that allowed it to have more final bullets than intended.
Legendary

Undercurrent:
Fixed an issue where the base and Adept versions of Undercurrent could obtain non-Wave Frame Grenade Launcher magazine options. Versions that received these incorrect magazine options will be updated to receive High-Velocity Rounds. New drops of Undercurrent will feature High-Velocity Rounds and Implosion Rounds as selectable magazine options.
Perks

Air Trigger:
Corrected an issue that was allowing this perk to apply to any equipped weapon.
Reduced the Aim Assist penalty when airborne.
Enhanced Physic:
Fixing an issue where it was providing Restoration x2 instead of Restoration x1.
Physic now correctly gives increased Restoration x1 duration.
General
Fixed an issue where some of Failsafe's voiceover and subtitles would not match.
Added more information to the Character Boosts screens, to better reflect what's unlocked after acquiring a The Final Shape Campaign Skip Boost.
Fixed an issue where theWishbearer Title was no longer available to players.
Fixed an issue where the Season Rank number was displayed incorrectly in the Player Menu after reaching rank 100.
The Season Rank cap is 100 until Act II starts.
Fixed an issue where Echoes Engrams can be focused at the War Table before Failsafe is moved to the H.E.L.M.
Fixed an issue where the Exotic Glaive patterns from the Evidence Board still required Legendary Shards.
Fixed the issue preventing gear from properly loading in certain activities and destinations.

Destiny 2 Update 8.0.0.5
Activities 
Crucible
Fixed an issue where the incorrect expansion was required for the Trials of Osiris playlist.
Fixed an issue where Trace Rifles had an incorrect amount of ammo at the start of a match.
Campaign
An Epilogue option is now available in the difficulty selection menu for Excision where players can rewatch the Excision end cinematics without replaying the activity.
Fixed an issue where players could matchmake into the campaign narrative version of Liminality after the final boss encounter.
Dual Destiny Exotic Mission
Fixed an issue where it was possible to earn double Exotic class items.
Cooperative Focus Missions
Fixed an issue where Cooperative Focus Missions were not unlocking correctly.
Raids & Dungeons
Removed surges from raids and dungeons and added the equivalent damage buff to all subclass and Kinetic damage types.
Seasonal Activities
Fixed an issue where Piston Hammer charges were being reset daily instead of adding a charge.
Note: This fix was applied in a mid-week update shortly after 8.0.0.4.
Gameplay and Investment
Abilities
Fixed an issue where Storm Grenade was receiving 40% more energy than intended from perks that grant instant percentage chunk energy such as Devour or armor mods.
Armor
Fixed an issue where Precious Scars could trigger from final blows with Kinetic weapons instead of Solar weapons on a Solar subclass.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where Riposte would only drop as a fixed weapon roll after completing your placement matches.
Updated the fixed weapon roll to drop with the perk Desperate Measures instead of Golden Tricorn.
In a future update, instances with Golden Tricorn will be updated to Desperate Measures.
Fixed an issue where Sword Wolfpack Round hits could activate the Relentless Strikes Sword perk.
Quests
Fixed an issue where the New Light quest "On the Offensive" required completion of a Vanguard Ops bounty.
Fixed an issue where a player was unable to dismantle Dyadic Prism after obtaining Ergo Sum on an alternate character.
Fixed an issue where collecting Encryption Bits with a full inventory would block a player from acquiring Khvostov 7G-0X.
Pathfinder
Replaced Ritual Pathfinder Gambit nodes with a general node on some cards. There should now always be a path that can be completed through PvE-only or PvP-only.
Fixed an issue where Ritual Pathfinder objectives involving banking motes did not track correctly.
Fixed an issue where resetting the Pale Heart Pathfinder would reduce the number of Ergo Sum drops available without providing the item if the player had not yet unlocked Ergo Sum.
Fixed an issue where the Urban Parkour objective in the Pale Heart Pathfinder did not update once the Stitching activity was complete in the Lost City Outskirts.
Emotes
Fixed an issue where players could sometimes be killed shortly after using The Final Slice finisher.
Fixed an issue where all players would not see the same results when rolling the D&D Emote, Natural 20.
Platforms and Systems 
Fixed an issue where VFX for the Prismatic class screens could cause an overheating issue on Xbox consoles.
General 
Fixed an issue where the Rank 16 reputation reward for Ghost had an incorrect shader reward.
Players who already received this reward will keep it and be automatically granted the updated shader reward upon log in.
Fixed an issue where a Bungie Reward Director Dialog image was not properly scaled.

Destiny 2 Update 8.0.0.4
Activities
Campaign
The Final Shape Campaign: Exegesis
Fixed issues stopping players from getting their Prismatic subclass in the following circumstances:
Being in a fireteam where at least one player already had the subclass.
Playing on a second character of the same class after getting Prismatic on the first character of that class on the same account.
Joining another player AFTER the subclass part of the mission, then got kicked to orbit during the cinematics.
Affected players will get the Prismatic subclass and all missing unlocks the next time they visit The Pale Heart.
The Final Shape Campaign: Transmigration
Fixed an issue in the Empower Font step where the activity would become soft locked if a player immediately defeated the Eaters of Light and Dark before they stood up.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Fixed an issue preventing Hazardous Propulsion's Enhanced Rockets buff from applying to rocket damage when some lower-strength weapon damage buffs, such as Radiant, were active.
Hazardous Propulsion will only override Radiant and other similar bonuses when the stack count is high enough to exceed Radiant's damage bonus. It will also not override in cases where it does not apply (g., non-rockets).
Weapons
Fixed an issue where players would hit a Weasel error code when reshaping their Exotic class Glaives from The Witch Queen release.
Fixed an issue where the Vow of the Disciple Adept weapons did not cost Spoils of Conquest to perform weapon enhancement.
Fixed an issue where Seasonal weapons from the Lightfall year required Lightfall to be craftable.
Players still need the pattern unlocked to craft these items.
Fixed an issue where the Tusk of the Boar Grenade Launcher and the Multimach CCX Submachine Gun wouldn't enhance properly.
These weapons will now enhance correctly, and those previously enhanced should be updated to work as expected.
Abilities
Fixed an issue where Smoke Bomb would not make players and their allies invisible when Trapper's Ambush is equipped.
Fixed an issue where picking up a Stasis Shard with the Glacial Harvest aspect equipped wouldn't heal the player.
Fixed an issue where Facet of Command reloading behavior could be activated repeatedly with no cooldown.
Accessories
Fixed an issue causing the Lore tab for the Nacre ship to not display properly
"How thoughtful, you waited for a visit from me until the very end. Let's chat, shall we..."
Platforms and Systems
Fixed an issue that would cause audio output to be silent on the PC when using spatial sound formats, including Windows Sonic for Headphones.
Fixed an issue that would cause audio output to be silent on the PS5 when emulating the PS4 executable with 3D Audio for Headphones enabled.
General
Fixed an issue where the game could crash if a player's Consumables inventory was full when trying pick up these items:
Mote of Light
Luminescent Seed
Strand Meditations
Polymorphic Shellcode

Destiny 2 Update 8.0.0.3
Activities
Crucible
Fixed an issue in Collision where capturing a zone while at full Super energy would slightly reduce Super energy.
The Pale Heart
The sky has now changed in the Pale Heart after the events of Salvation's Edge being completed.
Requires players to have completed the campaign to see the sky has changed.
Fixed an issue where the mote counter status UI would sometimes not appear with the mote collection encounter in The Impasse location.
Fixed an issue where certain elements of the Liminality strike would not load upon entering the first area of the Abscess.
Campaign
Fixed an issue in campaign Lost Sectors that would prevent combatants and objectives from spawning.
Fixed a crash that could occur during the final encounter in the Iconoclasm mission.
Fixed an issue where the art shown in Director dialogs when exiting The Final Shape campaign was not appearing correctly.
Onslaught
Fixed an issue where Turret upgrade costs were referencing Decoy upgrade costs.
Raids and Dungeons
Salvation's Edge
Fixed an issue where the Salvation's Edge Carries stat tracker did not properly increment.
Triumphs
Fixed an issue where Strand Triumphs added from previously shipped raids had missing strings.
UI/UX
Pathfinder
Fixed an issue where Grenade Ascension had an incorrect objective string.
Gameplay and Investment
General
Fixed an issue where the Risky Archery emote would cause players to become invisible.
Abilities
Fixed an issue where the Knock 'Em Down Aspect was not increasing the number of projectiles fired by Blade Barrage.
Fixed an issue where the Bladefury Super was not granting Woven Mail to nearby allies in PvP with the Into The Fray Aspect equipped.
Fixed an issue where players weren't granted the Prismatic subclass if they missed a required cinematic.
We're still investigating an issue where players do not unlock Prismatic if they play the Transmigration mission with a player who has already unlocked Prismatic.
Armor
Fixed an issue where players could bypass Lucky Pants cooldown by un-equipping and re-equipping the armor.
Fixed an issue with an incorrect description for the Arm's Reach armor mod.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where the Non-Denouement Bow had the wrong damage profile.
Fixed an issue where Magnificent Howl could be active for an extended duration.
Fixed an issue where the cost for purchasing the Legendary version of Khvostov 7G-0X from collections was lower than intended.

Destiny 2 Update 8.0.0.2
ACTIVITIES 
Salvation's Edge
Fixed an issue in preparation for launch day.

Destiny 2 Update 8.0.0.1
Activities
Crucible
Competitive will now use the Blended "1-1-1" Special Ammo system in place of the Crates system. We will begin rolling this system out to other playlists soon.
Adjusted spawns on Altar of Flame and Dead Cliffs for Countdown Rush to improve match balance.
Updated Private Match screens to support expanded options and to improve usability.
Updated sound effects for rank promotion and defense toasts in Competitive to better convey success or failure.
Fixed an issue where Relic meter was not correctly progressing in Relic.
Fixed an issue where Private Match activity modifiers would display inaccurately.
Shadowkeep
Fixed an issue in the mission Beyond where players would sometimes get stuck without the activity progressing them correctly.
Warlord's Ruin
Fixed an issue in Warlord's Ruin where the sound effect that occurs after a player is frozen by the tempest storm did not play correctly.
Crota's End
Fixed an issue preventing completion of the All for One challenge and associated Triumph.
The Pantheon
Fixed an issue where The Pantheon emblems appeared in the General category rather than the Raids category in Collections.
UI/UX
General
Added a gameplay subtitles option that displays the speaker's name before their dialog.
This option is off by default. To activate it, navigate to the Options menu and toggle it to on.
This feature does not affect cinematic subtitles.
Added Reputation Boost information for ritual activities to the Director.
Hovering over the Rituals nodes at the top of the Director (Vanguard Ops, Crucible, Gambit) will display when reputation boosts are active.
Fixed an issue where dungeon tracking stats were not displayed on emblems.
Fireteam Finder
Improved placement and visuals of the Reselecting Activity button so players have better access to it.
Fixed an issue where Fireteam Finder lobbies for Crucible Labs weren't allowing the correct max number of players for the activity.
Fixed an issue where in some Fireteam Finder applications, player status was not displayed properly.
Guardian Ranks/Journey Screen
Made visual and functional improvements to the Journey screen and Guardian Ranks icons.
Fixed an issue where the Cherished Guardian Rank objective displayed the incorrect Commendation score requirement.
Quests
Added Milestones to the quest log.
Milestones will not count against a player's maximum quest/bounty capacity.
Tracked quests will be sorted to the top of their categories when the quest log is reloaded next.
Added an option to set a specific Quest tab as the default.
The default Quest tab will be the first tab opened when the quest log is loaded.
Added text to the Quest tooltip to communicate when a Quest is directly launchable from its Quest Details screen.
Gameplay and Investment
Abilities
All Subclasses

All Super abilities now use the same damage-based recharge parameters.
Previously, energy gained through damage dealt and received was scaled based on the passive recharge rate of the Super, resulting in a broader delta between long-recharge Supers and short-recharge Supers than intended.
This will, for example, bring the real-world uptime of Ward of Dawn and Well of Radiance closer to the uptime of a Super like Arc Staff or Fists of Havoc.
Arc Subclasses

Arcstrider
Arc Staff:
Heavy palm strike attacks and heavy air slam blind enemies.
Disorienting Blow:
Decreased base cooldown time from 100 seconds to 90 seconds.
Tempest Strike:
Added additional damage resistance vs. PvE combatants when activated, lingering for a short duration after the attack.
Striker
Knockout
Increased bonus damage granted to powered melee attacks vs. PvE combatants from 25% to 50%.
Reworked healing behavior:
No longer unstuns health regeneration on melee defeats. Now instantly grants a chunk of healing that scales with the type of target defeated.
Player: 30 health points.
Minor combatant: 50 health points.
Major combatant: 75 health points.
Champion+ combatant: 100 health points.
Touch of Thunder
Lightning Grenade:
Now applies Jolt after the first damage event, rather than prior.
This means that the Jolt won't instantly pop on application, and attackers will need to either wait for the second lightning burst from the grenade or deal additional damage via other means to trigger the Jolt's chain lightning.
Storm Grenade:
Increased tracking travel speed when targeting PvE combatants by between 0.5 and 1 meters per second, increasing with the storm's lifetime.
Thunderclap
Added additional damage resistance vs. PvE combatants when activated, lingering for a short duration after the attack.
Increased minimum damage vs. PvE combatants by 20%.
Increased maximum damage vs. PvE combatants by 33%.
Increased maximum damage vs. enemy players by 14%.
Stormcaller
Lightning Surge
Added additional damage resistance vs. PvE combatants when activated, lingering for a short duration after the attack.
This is intended to help players survive during the final lightning strike performance until the player returns to first person and can maneuver out of danger
Ball Lightning
Increased the final arming shape size by 30%.
Fixed an issue where the arming shape was offset upward, higher than the maximum damage range of the projectile's detonation.
Chain Lightning
Increased secondary chain projectile's base damage from 27 to 54.
Arc Grenades
Storm Grenade:
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 20%.
Touch of Thunder variant's damage is unchanged.
Skip Grenade:
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%.
Arcbolt Grenade:
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%.
Arc Fragments
Spark of Recharge:
Ability regeneration bonus now persists until the player returns to full shields, rather than deactivating as soon as shields begin to recharge.
Spark of Beacons:
Now also triggers on defeating targets with Arc Power ammo weapons while amplified.
Spark of Frequency:
Now also grants 15 weapon stability on powered melee hit, in addition to its reload benefit.
Solar Subclasses

Solar General
Restoration
Restoration's full-body visual effects now reduce their intensity while the player's Super is active.
Cure
Cure's healing now takes place over 0.1 seconds rather than instantly.
This change is unlikely to affect Cure's efficacy in a meaningful way but is primarily intended to improve the readability of Cure's heal in the middle of combat in the UI.
Gunslinger
Lightweight Knife
Now has 2 melee charges by default.
Increased throw animation speed by 33%.
Reduced suppression time between throws, so both knives can be thrown very quickly back-to-back.
The additional melee charge does not stack with Ophidia Spathe, due to the Exotic's unique energy recharge behavior. We'll be monitoring this and evaluating how things are playing once things go live.
Knock 'Em Down
Reduced internal cooldown on throwing knife refund from 1 second to 0.2 seconds.
Gunpowder Gamble
Fixed an issue where Gunpowder Gamble was unable to damage Strand Tangles.
Golden Gun - Marksman
Reduced strength of Orbs of Power created on precision hit as follows:
When hitting non-boss enemies, reduced strength from 0.75x to 0.5x of a normal Super Orb of Power.
When hitting boss enemies, reduced strength from 0.75x to about 0.4x of a normal Super Orb of Power.
When hitting boss enemies while Star-Eater Scales is equipped, reduced strength from 0.75x to about 0.35x of a normal Super Orb of Power.
Sunbreaker
Consecration
Consecration's slam attack can now shatter Stasis crystals.
Ignitions generated by Consecration now deal 20% additional damage to PvE combatants.
Fixed an issue where Consecration's slam attack was sometimes unable to damage floating combatants while they were grounded.
Fixed an issue where Consecration's intended PvE damage resistance was not being applied.
Hammer of Sol
Increased projectile submunition count when Sol Invictus is not equipped as follows:
If the projectile detonates within the first 0.7 seconds of its lifetime, it now creates 4 shrapnel submunitions, up from 3.
If the projectile detonates after the first 0.7 seconds of its lifetime, it now creates 6 shrapnel, up from 5.
When Sol Invictus is equipped, only 3 shrapnel submunitions are created, regardless of flight time.
Shrapnel submunitions now deal additional damage when Sol Invictus is not equipped, with the damage increasing after the first 0.7 seconds of the projectile's lifetime.
Dawnblade
Heat Rises
Fixed an issue where throwing some grenades while Heat Rises was equipped would produce Void visual effects on the player's hands during the throw.
Well of Radiance
Now grants radiant for 8 seconds when players exit the Well of Radiance area.
Reduced player survivability while standing in the Well of Radiance aura.
Reduced healing per second from 100 to 50 health points, matching restoration x2.
Increased heal on cast from 40 to 300 health points.
Reduced damage resistance vs. non-boss combatants from 40% to 20%.
Reduced damage resistance vs. boss combatants from 40% to 10%.
Damage resistance vs. enemy players is unchanged.
Increased maximum Orbs of Power from defeating targets while in the player's Well of Radiance aura from 4 to 5.
Solar Grenades
Swarm Grenade
Increased tracking shape size from 4 meters to 6 meters.
Increased linger duration from 7-8 seconds to 10-11 seconds.
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 20%.
Void Subclasses

Void General
Fixed an issue where Volatile could fail to auto-detonate if the target was defeated by the damage event that applied the Volatile effect.
Nightstalker
Snare Bomb
Increased linger duration of smoke after detonation from 3 seconds to 5 seconds.
Now applies small damage over time to enemies in the smoke, which increases in strength the longer they remain in the smoke.
Trapper's Ambush
Increased linger duration of the smoke after detonation from 4.5 seconds to 6 seconds.
Now applies Snare Bomb's damage over time to enemies caught in its smoke.
Fixed an issue where Trapper's Ambush's smoke effects could be obstructed by ground geometry.
Stylish Executioner
Stylish Executioner's weaken effect can now be applied by Glaive melee attacks.
Sentinel
Shield Throw:
Increased maximum bounce count from 4 to 5.
Increased maximum lifetime from 3 seconds to 4 seconds.
Now increases its tracking shape size and strength after each bounce, increasing its ability to consistently find a new target.
Slightly increased gravity and decreased thrust speed with each bounce.
Increased damage vs. PvE targets by 20%.
Ward of Dawn:
Armor of Light:
Removed Armor of Light overshield. Ward of Dawn now immediately applies a full Void Overshield to the caster and allies that enter its dome.
Armor of Light now instead grants additional damage resistance to players inside the Ward of Dawn:30% vs. enemy players and 60% vs. enemy combatants.
Effective health of players inside the Ward of Dawn dome remains roughly the same as it was before vs. PvE combatants.
Effective health of players inside the Ward of Dawn is significantly lower than it was before vs.other players in PvP, and cannot be further increased by stacking Bastion Barricades inside the Ward to gain additional Overshield layers.
No longer provides Weapons of Light by default. This behavior has been moved to the benefits of Helm of Saint-14.
Allies near the Ward of Dawn dome now have Void Overshield trickled on over time, similar to the volume behind a Bastion barricade.
This trickle rate is reduced in PvP activities.
The Ward of Dawn caster can now generate additional Orbs of Power by defeating enemies with melee attacks in or near their Ward of Dawn dome. Up to a maximum of 5.
Offensive Bulwark
Can now only extend Void Overshield's timer to its normal maximum duration, to prevent an issue where players could get into a bad timer state.
Now regenerates a small portion of the player's active Void Overshield with each melee defeat.
Voidwalker
Chaos Accelerant
Magnetic Grenade
Increased maximum intensity of physics knockback impulse by 10%.
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 20%.
Now passively decreases the player's Magnetic Grenade's cooldown by 10% while Chaos Accelerant is equipped.
Pocket Singularity
Increased detonation damage vs. PvE combatants by about 50%.
Nova Bomb
Cataclysm variant:
Increased seeker count from 4 to 6.
Fixed an issue where seekers could impact the environment on creation.
Vortex variant:
Increased Vortex linger duration from 7 seconds to 10 seconds.
Fixed an issue where the linger visual effects were shutting off early.
Void Grenades
Suppressor Grenade
Damage radius now matches Suppression radius.
This does not meaningfully change the damage profile of the grenade but is intended to provide additional feedback to the player when they have successfully Suppressed a target.
Voidwall Grenade
Fixed an issue where the central damage volume was offset significantly lower than the left and right volumes.
Void Fragments
Echo of Instability
Can now be activated by defeating targets with Forerunner's The Rock grenade.
No longer displays its HUD buff text unless a Void weapon is readied.
Stasis Subclasses

Stasis General
New Frost Armor keyword:
You are fortified by layers of durable Stasis matter, reducing incoming damage. Frost Armor damage resistance grows stronger as the player gains additional stacks.
Reduces damage from PvE combatants by 4.5% per stack and from enemy players by 2% per stack.
Stasis Shatter
Increased base PvE shatter damage from 200 to 400.
Fixed an issue where bosses auto-shattering were being hit by two instances of shatter damage.
Fixed an issue where players in an active Super would show immune damage flyouts when automatically breaking out of Stasis freeze.
Revenant
Grim Harvest
Added new behavior:
While Grim Harvest is equipped, Stasis Shards grant a small amount of health and a stack of Frost Armor.
Large Stasis Shards from Grim Harvest grant more health and Frost Armor stacks.
Now has a standardized cooldown when a large number of Shards are created very quickly.
Winter's Shroud
Added new behavior:
Slowing targets briefly increases the player's class ability regeneration rate.
Bonus is reduced in PvP game modes.
Now grants PvE damage reduction when activated.
Touch of Winter
Coldsnap Grenade:
No longer chains an additional time while Touch of Winter is equipped.
Instead, seekers now duplicate when they freeze a target.
Second and third seeker chains now create a medium and large Stasis crystal respectively, rather than every chain creating a small crystal.
Glacier Grenade:
Added an additional Stasis crystal to the ring formation, increasing total count from 6 to 7.
Glacier Grenade ring now forms over 0.27 seconds, rather than instantly.
Silence & Squall
Increased Squall maximum travel speed by 10%.
Squall storm now slows down when any target is within its area of effect to reduce instances where it could overshoot its target.
Increased damage and slow tick rate vs. PvE combatants by about 40%, bringing its freeze time from approximately 0.8 seconds to ~0.5 seconds.
Behemoth
Tectonic Harvest
Added new behavior:
While Tectonic Harvest is equipped, Stasis Shards grant a small amount of health and a stack of Frost Armor.
Now creates a Stasis Shard when shattering a frozen target in addition to shattering Stasis crystals.
Now has a standardized cooldown when a large number of Shards are created very quickly.
Glacial Quake
Now automatically begins sprinting when the player throttles forward.
This change should make Shattering the player's Stasis Crystals significantly more intuitive in the heat of combat.
Increased on-cast Freeze impulse radius vs. PvE combatants from 6 meters to 8 meters.
Shiver Strike
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 10%.
Increased size of melee target search area cone by about 50%.
Increased maximum lunge tracking angular speed from 7 degrees per second to 21 degrees per second.
The end result of these changes is that Shiver Strike misses significantly less and is able to bend its lunge trajectory more to find a target within its search area.
Diamond Lance
Increased thrown Diamond Lance detonation radius from 3.5 meters to 5 meters.
Increased Diamond Lance slam detonation radius from 6.75 meters to 8 meters vs. PvE combatants.
Diamond Lance now shatters Stasis crystals on direct impact.
Reduced Diamond Lance pickup interaction time from 0.2 seconds to 0.1 seconds, matching Strand Tangles.
Increased Diamond Lance pickup interaction radius from 0.7 meters to 3 meters, matching Strand Tangles.
Cryoclasm
Removed sprint time requirement. Cryoclasm now goes on cooldown for 4 seconds after one extended slide.
Shadebinder
Glacial Harvest
Added new behavior:
While Glacial Harvest is equipped, Stasis Shards grant a small amount of health and a stack of Frost Armor.
Now has a standardized cooldown when a large number of Shards are created very quickly.
Iceflare Bolts
Increased maximum seekers created before going on cooldown from 5 to 7.
Stasis Fragments
Whisper of Rime reworked:
No longer grants a Stasis Shard Overshield when collecting a Stasis Shard.
Now increases the maximum duration and stack count of the player's Frost Armor.
Whisper of Chains reworked:
No longer grants passive damage resistance when near a Stasis crystal or frozen target.
Now grants a chance to create a Stasis Shard when defeating a target while the player have one or more stacks of Frost Armor.
Whisper of Fractures reworked:
No longer increases melee energy regeneration while surrounded by enemies.
Now grants a stack of Frost Armor when the player shatters any frozen target with a melee attack.
Whisper of Torment
Grenade energy gains are no longer dependent on the player's current health value. Base grenade energy regeneration amount per incoming damage event increased from 5% to 7%.
While the player has Frost Armor, energy per damage event increases from 7% to 12%.
Whisper of Chill - New Fragment:
Stasis weapon final blows have a chance to create a Stasis Shard.
Whisper of Reversal - New Fragment:
While the player has Frost Armor, dealing or receiving physical melee (i.e., not projectile melee) damage slows the player's victim or attacker.
Strand Subclasses

Strand General
Grapple Tangles
No longer fully refresh their duration when Grappled to.
Now increase their duration by a maximum of 5 seconds per Grapple, reducing to a maximum of 1 second added after 5 consecutive Grapples to the same Grapple Tangle.
Grapple Melee
Can no longer be activated after firing a weapon, similar to sprint-or-slide-activated melee abilities.
Tangles
Tangles will now be paired with the text "Pick Up Tangle" instead of only "Pick Up".
Threadrunner
Ensnaring Slam
Detonation volume vs. enemy players is now a cylinder with a 6.5-meter radius, rather than a sphere with an 8-meter radius.
This results in fewer instances of victims correctly attempting to counterplay by jumping but being caught by the Ensnaring Slam detonation high up in the air.
Threaded Specter
Arming shape vs. PvE combatants now grows more quickly, resulting in more responsive detonations when used in close quarters.
Threaded Spike
Reduced damage vs. enemy players from 79 to 70.
Catching a Threaded Spike no longer breaks invisibility.
Berserker
Into the Fray
Reduced melee energy regeneration scalar from 4x to 3x in PvE activities.
Unchanged in PvP activities.
Banner of War
Reduced maximum timer from 30 seconds to 24 seconds.
Melee, Glaive melee, and Super damage bonus now have diminishing returns with Synthoceps as follows:
Melee bonuses decreased from 1.4x to 1.15x.
Glaive melee bonuses decreased from 1.25x to 1.125x.
Super bonuses decreased from 1.4x to 1.2x.
Melee and Glaive melee damage bonuses now have diminishing returns with Wormgod Caress, too.
Melee bonuses decreased from 1.4x to 1.1x, based on stack count.
Glaive melee bonuses decreased from 1.4x to 1.05x, based on stack count.
Frenzied Blade / Bladefury
Reduced the forward offset for melee lunge target point from 0.4 meters to 0.18 meters.
This should reduce instances where attempting to lunge to a target while at very close range resulted in the character lunging backwards.
Broodweaver
Weaver's Call
Added new behavior:
Defeating a target with Strand damage now has a chance to generate a perched Threadling, with a higher chance of generation from defeating more powerful targets.
This damage can be from any source, including other Threadlings.
Strand Fragments
Thread of Warding
Reduced Woven Mail duration on Orb of Power pickup from 10 seconds to 5 seconds.
Thread of Propagation
No longer displays its HUD buff text unless a Strand weapon is readied.
Exotic Armor
Exotic armor can now be upgraded after it has been fully masterworked, granting an Artifice mod slot.
This comes at the cost of an Exotic Cipher and 10,000 Glimmer.
Hunter
Renewal Grasps
Replaced generic damage resistance with Frost Armor:
On entering your Duskfield Grenade volume, you or allies gain a stack of Frost Armor.
About every 0.9 seconds, an additional stack of Frost Armor is granted, resetting the timer.
Triton Vice
Glaive projectile final blows now always trigger a detonation that matches the Glaive's damage type, even when the Glaive does not match the equipped subclass.
The surrounded effect provided by Triton Vice while wielding a Glaive now lingers on the player for five seconds after no longer being surrounded.
The Sixth Coyote
Now creates an Orb of Power from final blows after using a class ability in addition to its previous behavior.
This is implemented as the Exotic granting a free copy of the Reaper armor mod's effects.
Star-Eater Scales
Increased the Orbs of Power required to grant maximum benefits from 4 to 6.
Reduced the increased Super energy gained per Orb of Power when the Golden Gun is equipped from 2% down to 0.5%.
Fixed an issue where the Super damage boost for attacks that occur quickly after initial cast, such as Shadowshot at close range, was not always applied.
Fixed an issue where a player could maintain the damage bonus after removing Star-Eater Scales.
Foetracer
Now grants the bonus damage it inflicts on a target to weapons. The damage type also matches that of the ability used to damage that target, instead of always matching the equipped subclass.
Assassin's Cowl
Now requires the player to expend a melee charge (or defeat an enemy via a finisher) to activate.
Mask of Bakris
Now requires a Stasis Super to be equipped, instead of a Stasis subclass.
Re-enabled the "Light Shift" debuff in the HUD when a class ability is not recharging.
This is a cosmetic-only change to keep the cooldown visible even while not holding a weapon that benefits from its damage boost.
Fixed an issue where Mask of Bakris applied a Tier 2 damage buff instead of a Tier 4 and failed to display the time remaining on a certain Solar weapon.
Additionally, the Solar damage buff will now function in the Crucible.
The Bombardiers
Now triggers an effect based on the equipped Super element, instead of the equipped subclass.
Celestial Nighthawk
Fixed an issue where players could swap from Celestial Nighthawk to Knucklehead Radar after activating their Super and be granted the benefits from both Exotics.
Dragons Shadow
Now triggers its effects when the player uses Ensnaring Slam or the new Ascension Arc Aspect.
Liars Handshake
Counterpunch now does Arc damage instead of Kinetic.
Titan
Helm of Saint-14
Now causes the wearer's Ward of Dawn to apply the Weapons of Light buff to allies.
Ursa Furiosa
Now provides increased movement speed while guarding with the new Unbreakable Void Aspect.
Also grants Super energy for guarding with Unbreakable that scales based on the amount of incoming damage the shield absorbs.
Eternal Warrior
No longer requires an Arc subclass for Arc final blows to grant its escalating Arc weapon damage bonus.
Armamentarium
Now creates an Orb of Power from grenade final blows in addition to its previous behavior.
This is implemented as the Exotic granting a free copy of the Firepower armor mod's effects.
Khepri's Horn
Increased the damage from the Solar blast by 100% in PvE.
The Solar blast now Scorches each time it hits a target, instead of Scorching only once.
Khepri's Horn now benefits from Ember of Eruption and Ember of Ashes (+30 Scorch in PvE and +15 Scorch in PvP).
Synthoceps
Reduced the amount of time that Bionic Enhancements lingers after no longer being surrounded, from 8 seconds to 5 seconds. This duration is now visible as a timer on the buff.
Severance Enclosure
Now requires the player to expend a melee charge (or defeat an enemy via a finisher) to activate.
Its explosions now require line of sight to damage enemies. We also reduced the knockback intensity of these explosions, which will now launch enemies more consistently vertically.
Heart of Inmost Light
Now displays a single, consolidated status effect icon in the HUD to communicate its state, instead of the two to three it used before.
The functionality of the Exotic is unchanged.
One-Eyed Mask
Fixed an issue where the negative status effects applied to victims by One-Eyed Mask no longer persist after death.
Precious Scars
Now requires a weapon matching the equipped Super element, instead of the equipped subclass.
Hoarfrost-Z
Now requires a Stasis Super to be equipped, instead of a Stasis subclass.
Cadmus Ridge Lancecap
Now requires a Stasis Super to be equipped, instead of a Stasis subclass.
Lorely Splendor
Now requires a Solar Super to be equipped, instead of a Solar subclass.
No Back Up Plans
Now requires a Void Super to be equipped, instead of a Void subclass.
Path of Burning Steps
Now requires a Solar Super to be equipped, instead of a Solar subclass.
Hallowfire Heart
Now requires a Solar Super to be equipped, instead of a Solar subclass.
Warlock
Ballidorse Wrathweavers
Replaced Stasis Shard Overshield with Frost Armor.
Activating a Rift grants the player and nearby allies the maximum Frost Armor stacks when Frostpulse is equipped.
Activating a Winter's Wrath shatter attack grants nearby allies the maximum amount of stacks of Frost Armor. When Winter's Wrath ends, the player gains maximum stacks of Frost Armor.
Mantle of Battle Harmony
Now grants Super energy ranging between +1.5% and +4.5%, depending on the target type killed.
Removed the 2-second cooldown for the perk's activation.
Now requires a weapon matching the equipped Super element, instead of the equipped subclass.
Secant Filaments
Updated Secant Filaments to require a Void Super instead of a Void subclass.
Secant Filaments Empowering Rift will now reset a player's existing Devour buff duration back to 11 seconds when they enter it, in addition to its previous behavior.
Fixed an issue where Secant Filament's Overload Rift was removing anti-Champion capabilities granted by the artifact.
Sunbracers
Reduced the increased Solar Grenade duration from 4 seconds to 2 seconds.
Reduced its increased grenade recharge rate to allow a max of 4 grenades while the effect is active, down from 5.
Fixed an issue where Sunbracers would not remove the "Sunbracers Ready" buff from the player when they throw a grenade.
Cenotaph Mask
Multiple players using Cenotaph Mask can no longer trigger its effect using a single enemy target.
Cenotaph's target lock visual marker is now hidden for the Exotic's wearer and only appears to the wearer's allies.
Verity's Brow
Now requires final blows with a weapon matching the player's grenade damage type, instead of one matching the equipped subclass.
Felwinter's Helm
Now requires the player to expend a melee charge (or defeat an enemy via a finisher) to activate.
Wings of Sacred Dawn
Updated its description to correctly indicate that its effects are only active with Dawnblade equipped, rather than all Solar Supers.
Contraverse Hold
Updated its description to clarify it only works with Void grenades charged with the Chaos Accelerant Aspect.
Chromatic Fire
Now triggers an effect based on the player's equipped Super element, instead of the equipped subclass.
Promethium Spur
Now works with any equipped Solar Super.
Sanguine Alchemy
Now requires a weapon matching the equipped Super element, instead of the equipped subclass.
Vesper of Radius
The ability for the shockwave to blind now requires an Arc Super to be equipped, instead of an Arc subclass.
Karnstein Armlets
Fixed an issue where Karnstein Armlet's visual effects were not functioning correctly.
Necrotic Grips
Updated Necrotic Grips description to note that it requires a melee and that it works against both combatants and players.
Armor Mods
The Artifice mod socket icon has been updated to make it more distinct.
Removed the energy cost from raid-specific armor mods.
Updated all Harmonic armor mods to change their element based on the currently equipped Super, rather than subclass.
This behavior is also now explained in their descriptions.
A Strand Resistance mod has been added.
Additionally, Harmonic Resistance is now compatible with Strand.
Heavy Ammo Finder and Special Ammo Finder armor mods now persist their progress towards an ammo brick through death.
Heavy Ammo Finder and Special Ammo Finder armor mods no longer function in Crucible, and opposing-team kills will no longer grant Ammo Finder progress in Gambit.
Heavy Ammo Finder and Special Ammo Finder armor mods have had their kill requirements increased by 20% for Guardians in a fireteam.
Solo Guardian requirements are unchanged.
Fixed an issue where Orb of Power mods would not pick up Orbs when Super energy was full. Mods affected are:
Recuperation (Leg Armor Mod)
Better Already (Leg Armor Mod)
Innervation (Leg Armor Mod)
Invigoration (Leg Armor Mod)
Insulation (Leg Armor Mod)
Absolution (Leg Armor Mod)
Orbs of Restoration (Leg Armor Mod)
Powerful Friends (Helmet Armor Mod)
Fixed an issue where multiple copies of Empowered Finisher could be active at once in rare cases.
Additionally, corrected an issue where its tooltip did not describe it as having no stacking benefits.
Other
Fixed an issue where older Solstice armor did not display the correct glow color when using a Strand or Stasis Super.
Weapons
Updated Heavy, Adaptive, and Aggressive Burst weapon intrinsic names to match burst count across all weapon archetypes. Functionality is unchanged.
2-burst: Heavy Burst
Includes Sidearms, Hand Cannons, and Pulse Rifles.
3-burst: Adaptive Burst
Includes Sidearms, Linear Fusion Rifles, and Adaptive Pulse Rifles.
4-burst: Aggressive Burst
Includes Pulse Rifles.
Removed the foundry name from the Veist Rapid-Fire, Hkke Precision, and Omolon Adaptive weapon intrinsics.
Weapon Archetypes
Exotic Primary Weapons and Trace Rifles
Reduced damage bonus versus Minors from 40% to 30% (except Fighting Lion).
Exotic Primary Weapons and Trace Rifles benefit from the below damage buffs versus Minor combatants.
Increased base PvE damage versus all combatants.
Pulse Rifles: 20% 
Exceptions: Graviton Lance and Revision Zero's Heavy Burst mode. (These both have an intrinsic PvE damage buff built in.)
Pellet Shotguns: 10% 
Exceptions: Legend of Acrius, Tractor Cannon, Conditional Finality, and The Fourth Horseman. (These are all already performing as intended.)
Slug Shotguns: 9%
Fusion Rifles: 7% 
Exceptions: One Thousand Voices. (This one was just buffed.)
Sniper Rifles: 7% 
Exceptions: Izanagi's Burden's Honed Edge shots and Cloudstrike's storm. (These are both performing well.)
Glaive projectiles: 7%
Linear Fusion Rifles: 5%
Increased damage versus Minors (red bars)this stacks with the base PvE damage increase.
Sidearms, Trace Rifles, Scout Rifles, and Bows: 20%
Auto Rifles and Pulse Rifles: 15%
For Pulse Rifles, this is in addition to the above buff, and Graviton Lance and Revision Zero's Heavy Burst mode are included.
I.e. Pulse Rifles will do 1.2 * 1.15 = 38% more damage to red bars.
Submachine Guns: 10%
Hand Cannons: 5%
Increased damage versus Major combatants (orange bars).
Trace Rifles: 20%
Increased damage globally, including PvP.
Machine Guns: 7%
Swords: 7%
With these damage increases, the following Spec mods have been retired:
Boss Spec, Taken Spec, Minor Spec, Major Spec, and Adept Big Ones Spec.
Scout Rifle
Updated the hip-fire reticle to better show accuracy and aim-assist state.
Hand Cannons
General
Reduced the screen shake dealt to players by Hand Cannon projectile impacts by 33% (does not affect flinch dealt to Combatants).
Heavy Burst
Reduced the base recoil of this sub-family to make them more stable.
Aggressives
Improved the stats of two Aggressive Hand Cannons that are returning in The Final Shape to be more competitive with our current offerings.
Crimil's Dagger (Iron Banner)
Stability: 23 to 31
Handling: 23 to 31
Magazine Size: 8 to 9
Airborne Effectiveness: 10 to 21
Something New (Solstice)
Stability: 27 to 30
Handling: 24 to 30
Magazine Size: 8 to 9
Sniper Rifles
Increased minimum reserves from 14 to 17 shots; maximum reserve is unchanged.
Changed the way flinch works when taking damage from players (this does not affect incoming damage from combatants).
Increased the screen shake duration by 25%.
Increased the screen shake intensity by 350%.
Reduced the camera roll by 25%.
Linear Fusion Rifles
Reduced firing animation kick and recoil for Adaptive Linear Fusion Rifles.
Kinetic damage type weapons
No longer deal bonus damage to bosses; damage to other combatant tiers is unchanged.
For example, a kinetic Sniper Rifle and a Stasis Sniper Rifle of the same subfamily will both deal the same damage to a boss.
Wave Grenade Launchers
The size of the wave is now affected by the blast radius stat. This will mostly impact the width of the wave, though the length and height will also be scaled.
The default display stat for the blast radius has been changed from 100 to 50 (where 50 represents the previous baselineany stat over 50 will result in a larger wave segment than what was possible before).
Special ammo Wave - Frame Grenade Launchers overperform as add clear weapons in their current state, so we've pulled the length of the wave back a little.
Reduced the length of the waves from 22 meters to 15 meters (except for Dead Messenger).
Swords
Updated the Sword reticle to better indicate its charge state. When Sword energy is consumed, the amount of delay the Sword has before it begins to recharge now subtly appears in the reticle.
Fixed an issue where the Overwhelming Battlesong debuff from some missions would prevent Swords from recharging or losing energy while guarding.
Fixed an issue where unpowered caster Sword heavy attacks would not reset the Sword's energy recharge delay.
Fixed an issue where uncharged adaptive Sword heavy attacks cost the same amount of ammo as their charged counterparts. They now cost 1 ammo, same as other uncharged heavy attacks.
Rocket Sidearms
Added a slight delay to the detonation to allow perks to activate correctly if they required precision kills.
Exotics
Non-precision based add clear-Exotic Primary weapons:
Reduced splash damage by 10% on the following weapons:
Sunshot
Trinity Ghoul
Polaris Lance
Graviton Lance
Rat King
Swapped the firing animation to the same one used by other auto-fire Sidearms.
Dead Man's Tale
Baseline:
Cranial Spike stacks now grant stability in addition to aim assist stat and range (+2 per stack).
Increased reload speed benefit of Cranial Spike stacks.
With catalyst, when hip-firing:
Slightly reduced accuracy benefits.
Increased magnetism falloff scale (1.6 to 1.7).
Increased baseline rate of fire from 130RPM to 140RPM.
Removed PvE-only damage buff that scaled with stacks of Cranial Spike and added a 15% damage bonus at maximum stacks of Cranial Spike.
Colony
Now spawns additional insectoid robots on final blows. More robots (up to five) spawn from tougher combatants.
Touch of Malice
Increased duration of burn applied by the Darkness Ball against combatants from 2 to 3.5 seconds.
Necrochasm
Intrinsic perk now provides increased reload speed after precision kills.
Increased duration of burn applied by the Cursed Thrall explosion against combatants from 2 to 3.5 seconds.
Catalyst has been rebuilt.
One for Thrall: Damaging 3 combatants in quick succession provides a period of increased damage, range, and aim assist.
Truth
Increased area-of-effect (AoE) damage such that it doesn't lose noticeable damage due to not dealing impact damage.
Increased total reserves by 3. (This is on top of the reserves change to high impact Rocket Launchers from the 7.3.5 update.)
Queenbreaker
Increased damage versus bosses, minibosses, Champions, and vehicles by 12%.
Increased reserve ammunition by 3.
Symmetry
Catalyst now provides +10 reload speed, +10 handling, and the Eddy Current perk, in addition to its existing effects.
Cerberus+1
Focus fire now will activate on Special reloads following a kill and will no longer reduce range or rate of fire.
Updated hipfire reticle to better convey weapon spread.
Bastion
Reworked Saint's Fists perk: Dealing damage with melee increases the charge rate, damage, and reload speed for a short duration. Landing a majority of pellets in a burst increases melee damage.
Eriana's Vow
Breaking a matched shield or piercing a Champion's Barrier will cause the target to ignite.
Devil's Ruin
Fixed an issue where the firing animation from Devil's Ruin would get applied to other equipped Sidearms if the weapon was swapped during the firing animation.
Gjallarhorn
Updated the visuals of Wolfpack Rounds to match the damage type of the weapon. For example:
On Gjallarhorn, they will use Solar effects.
On the Royal Entry Void Rocket Launcher buffed by Gjallarhorn, they will have Void effects.
Grand Overture
Grand Overture now displays 'Volley Ready' instead of 'Rockets Loaded' after special reload, to help better indicate when the rockets are primed to fire on trigger pull.
Osteo Striga
Now has a 4-second cooldown on the poison burst on kills. (Poison burst from sustained damage doesn't receive this cooldown.)
The Lament
Reduced healing effect by 20%.
While this weapon does inherit the 7% global buff to Swords, we've reduced the damage of the high end of the chained heavy attack by 20% from that point.
This means combos at lower stacks are less affected by the change than combos at higher stacks.
Deterministic Chaos
This weapon is now intrinsically anti-barrier.
The Heavy Metal and Vexadecimal perks have had their locations and behavior swapped.
Heavy Metal now causes every 4th bullet to make targets volatile.
Vexadecimal now causes every 16th bullet to also weaken targets.
Divinity
Increased the number of shots required to generate the cage by 75% against combatants (PvP unchanged).
Ace of Spades
Fixed an issue that was causing the Memento Mori sound effect to replay when exiting out of sprint.
Edge of Intent
Edge of Intent Healing Turret updated to match Speaker's Sight Healing Turret.
Edge of Intent's alternate weapon action projectile no longer bounces off walls and non-floor geometries.
Healing Turret will spawn offset along the tangent of the surface hit.
Healing Turret now applies Cure and Restoration. Having the Aspect Touch of Flame equipped improves these effects.
Perks
Alacrity
Will no longer work in Rumble.
Archer's Gambit
Reduced the effect so it can be used on Legendary weapons.
Reduced draw time buff from 66% to 60%.
Reduced buff duration from 8 to 4 seconds (but it can now stack up to 8 seconds).
Grave Robber
Will now activate on dealing damage with a powered melee, in addition to standard melee kills.
The Fundamentals
The Fundamentals now maintains its state across death or respawn.
Chain Reaction
Branched between Heavy and Special ammo weapons.
Special: About 15% smaller AoE size and 20% less damage.
Heavy: Same AoE as before and 30% more damage.
Eddy Current
Now takes 1.5 seconds of sprinting to activate instead of 3 seconds.
Also provides a bonus to handling and a 5% scalar on each stat at base.
Being amplified will immediately activate the perk at its maximum effectiveness.
Underdog
Instances of Underdog have been replaced with Pulse Monitor.
Osmosis and Permeability:
These no longer drop off when pulling out a Ghost or similar actions.
Now partially refill the weapon's magazine on activation.
Chill Clip
Adjusted the number of slow stacks applied based on properties of the weapon.
In this case, Rapid-Fire Fusions like Riptide will still require 3 shots to freeze, but slower firing Fusions only require 2.
All other archetypes have been un-nerfed and only require 2 shots to freeze.
Killing Tally
The Killing Tally perk on the original 21% Delirium Machine Gun has been updated to match the version found on random-rolled weapons.
High Ground
Reworked to provide a stacking damage bonus when getting kills in any context (like Rampage) or instantly granting the maximum amount of stacks when damaging an enemy from the high ground.
PvE max bonus increased to a 25% damage bonus, and PvP max increased to 15%.
Perks that currently match the player's equipped subclass have been changed as follows:
Osmosis and Tessellation now match the damage type of the equipped grenade.
Permeability and Elemental Capacitor now match the damage type of the equipped Super.
Deconstruct
Now refills from reserves instead of from thin air and should trigger more reliably across weapon types.
Headstone
Fixed an issue where Headstone used a Stasis positive buff icon for its cooldown status message. Headstone now uses a cooldown icon, similar to other cooldowns.
Pugilist
Fixed an issue where the melee buff visual effect repeatedly flashed when Pugilist was activated by melee damage-over-time.
Dream Work
Updated to work with additional weapon archetypes.
Precision Instrument
Fixed an issue that caused this perk to activate too quickly on burst-fire Linear Fusion Rifles.
Heavy Burst Intrinsic
Now slightly reduces incoming flinch.
General
The Wicked Implement Scout Rifle has been moved to the Monument to Lost Lights.
Its catalyst will now be available as a random drop via ritual playlist post-match rewards.
Updated new drops of Raid Adepts from Crota's End and Root of Nightmares to have 2 traits in their trait columns.
Added Weapon Enhancement to the Raid Adepts from Vow of Disciple and King's Fall.
Collecting base weapon patterns will now provide a boost per weapon set to the chance of getting a third trait in the trait columns on new drops.
This can be tracked via new Triumphs in each raid's respective collection.
Memento stack size limit has been increased from 1 to 3.
Mementos are no longer tracked in the Inventory tab.
Players can now view, track, and apply their collected Mementos within the inspection screen of an enhanced or shaped weapon.
Dismantling Faded Mementos will provide +1 Memento to use within the inspection screen.
If a player is at the new stack size limited of 3 Mementos, that Memento will not drop again until they are holding less than 3 Mementos.
Fixed an issue where Raid Adept Weapons from The Pantheon Triumphs dropped without selected perks. Players will now see these perks applied on those items.
At a later date, a fix will be applied to correct bad masterwork or enhanced intrinsic options on these weapons to the intended roll.
We recommend players select a Masterwork option that functions on that weapon type to get the stat benefit when upgrading to enhanced.
Removed Resonant and Harmonic Alloys.
Acquiring an Adept version of a weapon now unlocks Focusing for base version of that weapon.
Fixed an issue where anti-Champion mods were causing other weapon perks to fall off.
Fixed an issue causing Mindbender's Ambition to not glow when getting kills.
Fixed an issue where the intensity on some damage screen effects and various projectiles could cause potential photosensitivity issues.
Power and Progression
Power Bands have been updated.
Power Floor: 1900
Soft Cap: 1940
Powerful Cap: 1990
Hard Cap/Pinnacle Cap: 2000
Activities
Crucible
Competitive will now use the Blended "1-1-1" Special Ammo system in place of the Crates system. We will begin rolling this system out to other playlists soon.
Adjusted spawns on Altar of Flame and Dead Cliffs for Countdown Rush to improve match balance.
Updated Private Match screens to support expanded options and to improve usability.
Updated sound effects for rank promotion and defense toasts in Competitive to better convey success or failure.
Fixed an issue where Relic meter was not correctly progressing in Relic.
Fixed an issue where Private Match activity modifiers would display inaccurately.
Shadowkeep
Fixed an issue in the mission Beyond where players would sometimes get stuck without the activity progressing them correctly.
Warlord's Ruin
Fixed an issue in Warlord's Ruin where the sound effect that occurs after a player is frozen by the tempest storm did not play correctly.
Crota's End
Fixed an issue preventing completion of the All for One challenge and associated Triumph.
The Pantheon
Fixed an issue where The Pantheon emblems appeared in the General category rather than the Raids category in Collections.
UI/UX
General
Added a gameplay subtitles option that displays the speaker's name before their dialog.
This option is off by default. To activate it, navigate to the Options menu and toggle it to on.
This feature does not affect cinematic subtitles.
Added Reputation Boost information for ritual activities to the Director.
Hovering over the Rituals nodes at the top of the Director (Vanguard Ops, Crucible, Gambit) will display when reputation boosts are active.
Fixed an issue where dungeon tracking stats were not displayed on emblems.
Fireteam Finder
Improved placement and visuals of the Reselecting Activity button so players have better access to it.
Fixed an issue where Fireteam Finder lobbies for Crucible Labs weren't allowing the correct max number of players for the activity.
Fixed an issue where in some Fireteam Finder applications, player status was not displayed properly.
Guardian Ranks/Journey Screen
Made visual and functional improvements to the Journey screen and Guardian Ranks icons.
Fixed an issue where the Cherished Guardian Rank objective displayed the incorrect Commendation score requirement.
Quests
Added Milestones to the quest log.
Milestones will not count against a player's maximum quest/bounty capacity.
Tracked quests will be sorted to the top of their categories when the quest log is reloaded next.
Added an option to set a specific Quest tab as the default.
The default Quest tab will be the first tab opened when the quest log is loaded.
Added text to the Quest tooltip to communicate when a Quest is directly launchable from its Quest Details screen.
Gameplay and Investment
Abilities
All Subclasses

All Super abilities now use the same damage-based recharge parameters.
Previously, energy gained through damage dealt and received was scaled based on the passive recharge rate of the Super, resulting in a broader delta between long-recharge Supers and short-recharge Supers than intended.
This will, for example, bring the real-world uptime of Ward of Dawn and Well of Radiance closer to the uptime of a Super like Arc Staff or Fists of Havoc.
Arc Subclasses

Arcstrider
Arc Staff:
Heavy palm strike attacks and heavy air slam blind enemies.
Disorienting Blow:
Decreased base cooldown time from 100 seconds to 90 seconds.
Tempest Strike:
Added additional damage resistance vs. PvE combatants when activated, lingering for a short duration after the attack.
Striker
Knockout
Increased bonus damage granted to powered melee attacks vs. PvE combatants from 25% to 50%.
Reworked healing behavior:
No longer unstuns health regeneration on melee defeats. Now instantly grants a chunk of healing that scales with the type of target defeated.
Player: 30 health points.
Minor combatant: 50 health points.
Major combatant: 75 health points.
Champion+ combatant: 100 health points.
Touch of Thunder
Lightning Grenade:
Now applies Jolt after the first damage event, rather than prior.
This means that the Jolt won't instantly pop on application, and attackers will need to either wait for the second lightning burst from the grenade or deal additional damage via other means to trigger the Jolt's chain lightning.
Storm Grenade:
Increased tracking travel speed when targeting PvE combatants by between 0.5 and 1 meters per second, increasing with the storm's lifetime.
Thunderclap
Added additional damage resistance vs. PvE combatants when activated, lingering for a short duration after the attack.
Increased minimum damage vs. PvE combatants by 20%.
Increased maximum damage vs. PvE combatants by 33%.
Increased maximum damage vs. enemy players by 14%.
Stormcaller
Lightning Surge
Added additional damage resistance vs. PvE combatants when activated, lingering for a short duration after the attack.
This is intended to help players survive during the final lightning strike performance until the player returns to first person and can maneuver out of danger
Ball Lightning
Increased the final arming shape size by 30%.
Fixed an issue where the arming shape was offset upward, higher than the maximum damage range of the projectile's detonation.
Chain Lightning
Increased secondary chain projectile's base damage from 27 to 54.
Arc Grenades
Storm Grenade:
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 20%.
Touch of Thunder variant's damage is unchanged.
Skip Grenade:
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%.
Arcbolt Grenade:
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%.
Arc Fragments
Spark of Recharge:
Ability regeneration bonus now persists until the player returns to full shields, rather than deactivating as soon as shields begin to recharge.
Spark of Beacons:
Now also triggers on defeating targets with Arc Power ammo weapons while amplified.
Spark of Frequency:
Now also grants 15 weapon stability on powered melee hit, in addition to its reload benefit.
Solar Subclasses

Solar General
Restoration
Restoration's full-body visual effects now reduce their intensity while the player's Super is active.
Cure
Cure's healing now takes place over 0.1 seconds rather than instantly.
This change is unlikely to affect Cure's efficacy in a meaningful way but is primarily intended to improve the readability of Cure's heal in the middle of combat in the UI.
Gunslinger
Lightweight Knife
Now has 2 melee charges by default.
Increased throw animation speed by 33%.
Reduced suppression time between throws, so both knives can be thrown very quickly back-to-back.
The additional melee charge does not stack with Ophidia Spathe, due to the Exotic's unique energy recharge behavior. We'll be monitoring this and evaluating how things are playing once things go live.
Knock 'Em Down
Reduced internal cooldown on throwing knife refund from 1 second to 0.2 seconds.
Gunpowder Gamble
Fixed an issue where Gunpowder Gamble was unable to damage Strand Tangles.
Golden Gun - Marksman
Reduced strength of Orbs of Power created on precision hit as follows:
When hitting non-boss enemies, reduced strength from 0.75x to 0.5x of a normal Super Orb of Power.
When hitting boss enemies, reduced strength from 0.75x to about 0.4x of a normal Super Orb of Power.
When hitting boss enemies while Star-Eater Scales is equipped, reduced strength from 0.75x to about 0.35x of a normal Super Orb of Power.
Sunbreaker
Consecration
Consecration's slam attack can now shatter Stasis crystals.
Ignitions generated by Consecration now deal 20% additional damage to PvE combatants.
Fixed an issue where Consecration's slam attack was sometimes unable to damage floating combatants while they were grounded.
Fixed an issue where Consecration's intended PvE damage resistance was not being applied.
Hammer of Sol
Increased projectile submunition count when Sol Invictus is not equipped as follows:
If the projectile detonates within the first 0.7 seconds of its lifetime, it now creates 4 shrapnel submunitions, up from 3.
If the projectile detonates after the first 0.7 seconds of its lifetime, it now creates 6 shrapnel, up from 5.
When Sol Invictus is equipped, only 3 shrapnel submunitions are created, regardless of flight time.
Shrapnel submunitions now deal additional damage when Sol Invictus is not equipped, with the damage increasing after the first 0.7 seconds of the projectile's lifetime.
Dawnblade
Heat Rises
Fixed an issue where throwing some grenades while Heat Rises was equipped would produce Void visual effects on the player's hands during the throw.
Well of Radiance
Now grants radiant for 8 seconds when players exit the Well of Radiance area.
Reduced player survivability while standing in the Well of Radiance aura.
Reduced healing per second from 100 to 50 health points, matching restoration x2.
Increased heal on cast from 40 to 300 health points.
Reduced damage resistance vs. non-boss combatants from 40% to 20%.
Reduced damage resistance vs. boss combatants from 40% to 10%.
Damage resistance vs. enemy players is unchanged.
Increased maximum Orbs of Power from defeating targets while in the player's Well of Radiance aura from 4 to 5.
Solar Grenades
Swarm Grenade
Increased tracking shape size from 4 meters to 6 meters.
Increased linger duration from 7-8 seconds to 10-11 seconds.
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 20%.
Void Subclasses

Void General
Fixed an issue where Volatile could fail to auto-detonate if the target was defeated by the damage event that applied the Volatile effect.
Nightstalker
Snare Bomb
Increased linger duration of smoke after detonation from 3 seconds to 5 seconds.
Now applies small damage over time to enemies in the smoke, which increases in strength the longer they remain in the smoke.
Trapper's Ambush
Increased linger duration of the smoke after detonation from 4.5 seconds to 6 seconds.
Now applies Snare Bomb's damage over time to enemies caught in its smoke.
Fixed an issue where Trapper's Ambush's smoke effects could be obstructed by ground geometry.
Stylish Executioner
Stylish Executioner's weaken effect can now be applied by Glaive melee attacks.
Sentinel
Shield Throw:
Increased maximum bounce count from 4 to 5.
Increased maximum lifetime from 3 seconds to 4 seconds.
Now increases its tracking shape size and strength after each bounce, increasing its ability to consistently find a new target.
Slightly increased gravity and decreased thrust speed with each bounce.
Increased damage vs. PvE targets by 20%.
Ward of Dawn:
Armor of Light:
Removed Armor of Light overshield. Ward of Dawn now immediately applies a full Void Overshield to the caster and allies that enter its dome.
Armor of Light now instead grants additional damage resistance to players inside the Ward of Dawn:30% vs. enemy players and 60% vs. enemy combatants.
Effective health of players inside the Ward of Dawn dome remains roughly the same as it was before vs. PvE combatants.
Effective health of players inside the Ward of Dawn is significantly lower than it was before vs.other players in PvP, and cannot be further increased by stacking Bastion Barricades inside the Ward to gain additional Overshield layers.
No longer provides Weapons of Light by default. This behavior has been moved to the benefits of Helm of Saint-14.
Allies near the Ward of Dawn dome now have Void Overshield trickled on over time, similar to the volume behind a Bastion barricade.
This trickle rate is reduced in PvP activities.
The Ward of Dawn caster can now generate additional Orbs of Power by defeating enemies with melee attacks in or near their Ward of Dawn dome. Up to a maximum of 5.
Offensive Bulwark
Can now only extend Void Overshield's timer to its normal maximum duration, to prevent an issue where players could get into a bad timer state.
Now regenerates a small portion of the player's active Void Overshield with each melee defeat.
Voidwalker
Chaos Accelerant
Magnetic Grenade
Increased maximum intensity of physics knockback impulse by 10%.
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 20%.
Now passively decreases the player's Magnetic Grenade's cooldown by 10% while Chaos Accelerant is equipped.
Pocket Singularity
Increased detonation damage vs. PvE combatants by about 50%.
Nova Bomb
Cataclysm variant:
Increased seeker count from 4 to 6.
Fixed an issue where seekers could impact the environment on creation.
Vortex variant:
Increased Vortex linger duration from 7 seconds to 10 seconds.
Fixed an issue where the linger visual effects were shutting off early.
Void Grenades
Suppressor Grenade
Damage radius now matches Suppression radius.
This does not meaningfully change the damage profile of the grenade but is intended to provide additional feedback to the player when they have successfully Suppressed a target.
Voidwall Grenade
Fixed an issue where the central damage volume was offset significantly lower than the left and right volumes.
Void Fragments
Echo of Instability
Can now be activated by defeating targets with Forerunner's The Rock grenade.
No longer displays its HUD buff text unless a Void weapon is readied.
Stasis Subclasses

Stasis General
New Frost Armor keyword:
You are fortified by layers of durable Stasis matter, reducing incoming damage. Frost Armor damage resistance grows stronger as the player gains additional stacks.
Reduces damage from PvE combatants by 4.5% per stack and from enemy players by 2% per stack.
Stasis Shatter
Increased base PvE shatter damage from 200 to 400.
Fixed an issue where bosses auto-shattering were being hit by two instances of shatter damage.
Fixed an issue where players in an active Super would show immune damage flyouts when automatically breaking out of Stasis freeze.
Revenant
Grim Harvest
Added new behavior:
While Grim Harvest is equipped, Stasis Shards grant a small amount of health and a stack of Frost Armor.
Large Stasis Shards from Grim Harvest grant more health and Frost Armor stacks.
Now has a standardized cooldown when a large number of Shards are created very quickly.
Winter's Shroud
Added new behavior:
Slowing targets briefly increases the player's class ability regeneration rate.
Bonus is reduced in PvP game modes.
Now grants PvE damage reduction when activated.
Touch of Winter
Coldsnap Grenade:
No longer chains an additional time while Touch of Winter is equipped.
Instead, seekers now duplicate when they freeze a target.
Second and third seeker chains now create a medium and large Stasis crystal respectively, rather than every chain creating a small crystal.
Glacier Grenade:
Added an additional Stasis crystal to the ring formation, increasing total count from 6 to 7.
Glacier Grenade ring now forms over 0.27 seconds, rather than instantly.
Silence & Squall
Increased Squall maximum travel speed by 10%.
Squall storm now slows down when any target is within its area of effect to reduce instances where it could overshoot its target.
Increased damage and slow tick rate vs. PvE combatants by about 40%, bringing its freeze time from approximately 0.8 seconds to ~0.5 seconds.
Behemoth
Tectonic Harvest
Added new behavior:
While Tectonic Harvest is equipped, Stasis Shards grant a small amount of health and a stack of Frost Armor.
Now creates a Stasis Shard when shattering a frozen target in addition to shattering Stasis crystals.
Now has a standardized cooldown when a large number of Shards are created very quickly.
Glacial Quake
Now automatically begins sprinting when the player throttles forward.
This change should make Shattering the player's Stasis Crystals significantly more intuitive in the heat of combat.
Increased on-cast Freeze impulse radius vs. PvE combatants from 6 meters to 8 meters.
Shiver Strike
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 10%.
Increased size of melee target search area cone by about 50%.
Increased maximum lunge tracking angular speed from 7 degrees per second to 21 degrees per second.
The end result of these changes is that Shiver Strike misses significantly less and is able to bend its lunge trajectory more to find a target within its search area.
Diamond Lance
Increased thrown Diamond Lance detonation radius from 3.5 meters to 5 meters.
Increased Diamond Lance slam detonation radius from 6.75 meters to 8 meters vs. PvE combatants.
Diamond Lance now shatters Stasis crystals on direct impact.
Reduced Diamond Lance pickup interaction time from 0.2 seconds to 0.1 seconds, matching Strand Tangles.
Increased Diamond Lance pickup interaction radius from 0.7 meters to 3 meters, matching Strand Tangles.
Cryoclasm
Removed sprint time requirement. Cryoclasm now goes on cooldown for 4 seconds after one extended slide.
Shadebinder
Glacial Harvest
Added new behavior:
While Glacial Harvest is equipped, Stasis Shards grant a small amount of health and a stack of Frost Armor.
Now has a standardized cooldown when a large number of Shards are created very quickly.
Iceflare Bolts
Increased maximum seekers created before going on cooldown from 5 to 7.
Stasis Fragments
Whisper of Rime reworked:
No longer grants a Stasis Shard Overshield when collecting a Stasis Shard.
Now increases the maximum duration and stack count of the player's Frost Armor.
Whisper of Chains reworked:
No longer grants passive damage resistance when near a Stasis crystal or frozen target.
Now grants a chance to create a Stasis Shard when defeating a target while the player have one or more stacks of Frost Armor.
Whisper of Fractures reworked:
No longer increases melee energy regeneration while surrounded by enemies.
Now grants a stack of Frost Armor when the player shatters any frozen target with a melee attack.
Whisper of Torment
Grenade energy gains are no longer dependent on the player's current health value. Base grenade energy regeneration amount per incoming damage event increased from 5% to 7%.
While the player has Frost Armor, energy per damage event increases from 7% to 12%.
Whisper of Chill - New Fragment:
Stasis weapon final blows have a chance to create a Stasis Shard.
Whisper of Reversal - New Fragment:
While the player has Frost Armor, dealing or receiving physical melee (i.e., not projectile melee) damage slows the player's victim or attacker.
Strand Subclasses

Strand General
Grapple Tangles
No longer fully refresh their duration when Grappled to.
Now increase their duration by a maximum of 5 seconds per Grapple, reducing to a maximum of 1 second added after 5 consecutive Grapples to the same Grapple Tangle.
Grapple Melee
Can no longer be activated after firing a weapon, similar to sprint-or-slide-activated melee abilities.
Tangles
Tangles will now be paired with the text "Pick Up Tangle" instead of only "Pick Up".
Threadrunner
Ensnaring Slam
Detonation volume vs. enemy players is now a cylinder with a 6.5-meter radius, rather than a sphere with an 8-meter radius.
This results in fewer instances of victims correctly attempting to counterplay by jumping but being caught by the Ensnaring Slam detonation high up in the air.
Threaded Specter
Arming shape vs. PvE combatants now grows more quickly, resulting in more responsive detonations when used in close quarters.
Threaded Spike
Reduced damage vs. enemy players from 79 to 70.
Catching a Threaded Spike no longer breaks invisibility.
Berserker
Into the Fray
Reduced melee energy regeneration scalar from 4x to 3x in PvE activities.
Unchanged in PvP activities.
Banner of War
Reduced maximum timer from 30 seconds to 24 seconds.
Melee, Glaive melee, and Super damage bonus now have diminishing returns with Synthoceps as follows:
Melee bonuses decreased from 1.4x to 1.15x.
Glaive melee bonuses decreased from 1.25x to 1.125x.
Super bonuses decreased from 1.4x to 1.2x.
Melee and Glaive melee damage bonuses now have diminishing returns with Wormgod Caress, too.
Melee bonuses decreased from 1.4x to 1.1x, based on stack count.
Glaive melee bonuses decreased from 1.4x to 1.05x, based on stack count.
Frenzied Blade / Bladefury
Reduced the forward offset for melee lunge target point from 0.4 meters to 0.18 meters.
This should reduce instances where attempting to lunge to a target while at very close range resulted in the character lunging backwards.
Broodweaver
Weaver's Call
Added new behavior:
Defeating a target with Strand damage now has a chance to generate a perched Threadling, with a higher chance of generation from defeating more powerful targets.
This damage can be from any source, including other Threadlings.
Strand Fragments
Thread of Warding
Reduced Woven Mail duration on Orb of Power pickup from 10 seconds to 5 seconds.
Thread of Propagation
No longer displays its HUD buff text unless a Strand weapon is readied.
Exotic Armor
Exotic armor can now be upgraded after it has been fully masterworked, granting an Artifice mod slot.
This comes at the cost of an Exotic Cipher and 10,000 Glimmer.
Hunter
Renewal Grasps
Replaced generic damage resistance with Frost Armor:
On entering your Duskfield Grenade volume, you or allies gain a stack of Frost Armor.
About every 0.9 seconds, an additional stack of Frost Armor is granted, resetting the timer.
Triton Vice
Glaive projectile final blows now always trigger a detonation that matches the Glaive's damage type, even when the Glaive does not match the equipped subclass.
The surrounded effect provided by Triton Vice while wielding a Glaive now lingers on the player for five seconds after no longer being surrounded.
The Sixth Coyote
Now creates an Orb of Power from final blows after using a class ability in addition to its previous behavior.
This is implemented as the Exotic granting a free copy of the Reaper armor mod's effects.
Star-Eater Scales
Increased the Orbs of Power required to grant maximum benefits from 4 to 6.
Reduced the increased Super energy gained per Orb of Power when the Golden Gun is equipped from 2% down to 0.5%.
Fixed an issue where the Super damage boost for attacks that occur quickly after initial cast, such as Shadowshot at close range, was not always applied.
Fixed an issue where a player could maintain the damage bonus after removing Star-Eater Scales.
Foetracer
Now grants the bonus damage it inflicts on a target to weapons. The damage type also matches that of the ability used to damage that target, instead of always matching the equipped subclass.
Assassin's Cowl
Now requires the player to expend a melee charge (or defeat an enemy via a finisher) to activate.
Mask of Bakris
Now requires a Stasis Super to be equipped, instead of a Stasis subclass.
Re-enabled the "Light Shift" debuff in the HUD when a class ability is not recharging.
This is a cosmetic-only change to keep the cooldown visible even while not holding a weapon that benefits from its damage boost.
Fixed an issue where Mask of Bakris applied a Tier 2 damage buff instead of a Tier 4 and failed to display the time remaining on a certain Solar weapon.
Additionally, the Solar damage buff will now function in the Crucible.
The Bombardiers
Now triggers an effect based on the equipped Super element, instead of the equipped subclass.
Celestial Nighthawk
Fixed an issue where players could swap from Celestial Nighthawk to Knucklehead Radar after activating their Super and be granted the benefits from both Exotics.
Dragons Shadow
Now triggers its effects when the player uses Ensnaring Slam or the new Ascension Arc Aspect.
Liars Handshake
Counterpunch now does Arc damage instead of Kinetic.
Titan
Helm of Saint-14
Now causes the wearer's Ward of Dawn to apply the Weapons of Light buff to allies.
Ursa Furiosa
Now provides increased movement speed while guarding with the new Unbreakable Void Aspect.
Also grants Super energy for guarding with Unbreakable that scales based on the amount of incoming damage the shield absorbs.
Eternal Warrior
No longer requires an Arc subclass for Arc final blows to grant its escalating Arc weapon damage bonus.
Armamentarium
Now creates an Orb of Power from grenade final blows in addition to its previous behavior.
This is implemented as the Exotic granting a free copy of the Firepower armor mod's effects.
Khepri's Horn
Increased the damage from the Solar blast by 100% in PvE.
The Solar blast now Scorches each time it hits a target, instead of Scorching only once.
Khepri's Horn now benefits from Ember of Eruption and Ember of Ashes (+30 Scorch in PvE and +15 Scorch in PvP).
Synthoceps
Reduced the amount of time that Bionic Enhancements lingers after no longer being surrounded, from 8 seconds to 5 seconds. This duration is now visible as a timer on the buff.
Severance Enclosure
Now requires the player to expend a melee charge (or defeat an enemy via a finisher) to activate.
Its explosions now require line of sight to damage enemies. We also reduced the knockback intensity of these explosions, which will now launch enemies more consistently vertically.
Heart of Inmost Light
Now displays a single, consolidated status effect icon in the HUD to communicate its state, instead of the two to three it used before.
The functionality of the Exotic is unchanged.
One-Eyed Mask
Fixed an issue where the negative status effects applied to victims by One-Eyed Mask no longer persist after death.
Precious Scars
Now requires a weapon matching the equipped Super element, instead of the equipped subclass.
Hoarfrost-Z
Now requires a Stasis Super to be equipped, instead of a Stasis subclass.
Cadmus Ridge Lancecap
Now requires a Stasis Super to be equipped, instead of a Stasis subclass.
Lorely Splendor
Now requires a Solar Super to be equipped, instead of a Solar subclass.
No Back Up Plans
Now requires a Void Super to be equipped, instead of a Void subclass.
Path of Burning Steps
Now requires a Solar Super to be equipped, instead of a Solar subclass.
Hallowfire Heart
Now requires a Solar Super to be equipped, instead of a Solar subclass.
Warlock
Ballidorse Wrathweavers
Replaced Stasis Shard Overshield with Frost Armor.
Activating a Rift grants the player and nearby allies the maximum Frost Armor stacks when Frostpulse is equipped.
Activating a Winter's Wrath shatter attack grants nearby allies the maximum amount of stacks of Frost Armor. When Winter's Wrath ends, the player gains maximum stacks of Frost Armor.
Mantle of Battle Harmony
Now grants Super energy ranging between +1.5% and +4.5%, depending on the target type killed.
Removed the 2-second cooldown for the perk's activation.
Now requires a weapon matching the equipped Super element, instead of the equipped subclass.
Secant Filaments
Updated Secant Filaments to require a Void Super instead of a Void subclass.
Secant Filaments Empowering Rift will now reset a player's existing Devour buff duration back to 11 seconds when they enter it, in addition to its previous behavior.
Fixed an issue where Secant Filament's Overload Rift was removing anti-Champion capabilities granted by the artifact.
Sunbracers
Reduced the increased Solar Grenade duration from 4 seconds to 2 seconds.
Reduced its increased grenade recharge rate to allow a max of 4 grenades while the effect is active, down from 5.
Fixed an issue where Sunbracers would not remove the "Sunbracers Ready" buff from the player when they throw a grenade.
Cenotaph Mask
Multiple players using Cenotaph Mask can no longer trigger its effect using a single enemy target.
Cenotaph's target lock visual marker is now hidden for the Exotic's wearer and only appears to the wearer's allies.
Verity's Brow
Now requires final blows with a weapon matching the player's grenade damage type, instead of one matching the equipped subclass.
Felwinter's Helm
Now requires the player to expend a melee charge (or defeat an enemy via a finisher) to activate.
Wings of Sacred Dawn
Updated its description to correctly indicate that its effects are only active with Dawnblade equipped, rather than all Solar Supers.
Contraverse Hold
Updated its description to clarify it only works with Void grenades charged with the Chaos Accelerant Aspect.
Chromatic Fire
Now triggers an effect based on the player's equipped Super element, instead of the equipped subclass.
Promethium Spur
Now works with any equipped Solar Super.
Sanguine Alchemy
Now requires a weapon matching the equipped Super element, instead of the equipped subclass.
Vesper of Radius
The ability for the shockwave to blind now requires an Arc Super to be equipped, instead of an Arc subclass.
Karnstein Armlets
Fixed an issue where Karnstein Armlet's visual effects were not functioning correctly.
Necrotic Grips
Updated Necrotic Grips description to note that it requires a melee and that it works against both combatants and players.
Armor Mods
The Artifice mod socket icon has been updated to make it more distinct.
Removed the energy cost from raid-specific armor mods.
Updated all Harmonic armor mods to change their element based on the currently equipped Super, rather than subclass.
This behavior is also now explained in their descriptions.
A Strand Resistance mod has been added.
Additionally, Harmonic Resistance is now compatible with Strand.
Heavy Ammo Finder and Special Ammo Finder armor mods now persist their progress towards an ammo brick through death.
Heavy Ammo Finder and Special Ammo Finder armor mods no longer function in Crucible, and opposing-team kills will no longer grant Ammo Finder progress in Gambit.
Heavy Ammo Finder and Special Ammo Finder armor mods have had their kill requirements increased by 20% for Guardians in a fireteam.
Solo Guardian requirements are unchanged.
Fixed an issue where Orb of Power mods would not pick up Orbs when Super energy was full. Mods affected are:
Recuperation (Leg Armor Mod)
Better Already (Leg Armor Mod)
Innervation (Leg Armor Mod)
Invigoration (Leg Armor Mod)
Insulation (Leg Armor Mod)
Absolution (Leg Armor Mod)
Orbs of Restoration (Leg Armor Mod)
Powerful Friends (Helmet Armor Mod)
Fixed an issue where multiple copies of Empowered Finisher could be active at once in rare cases.
Additionally, corrected an issue where its tooltip did not describe it as having no stacking benefits.
Other
Fixed an issue where older Solstice armor did not display the correct glow color when using a Strand or Stasis Super.
Weapons
Updated Heavy, Adaptive, and Aggressive Burst weapon intrinsic names to match burst count across all weapon archetypes. Functionality is unchanged.
2-burst: Heavy Burst
Includes Sidearms, Hand Cannons, and Pulse Rifles.
3-burst: Adaptive Burst
Includes Sidearms, Linear Fusion Rifles, and Adaptive Pulse Rifles.
4-burst: Aggressive Burst
Includes Pulse Rifles.
Removed the foundry name from the Veist Rapid-Fire, Hkke Precision, and Omolon Adaptive weapon intrinsics.
Weapon Archetypes
Exotic Primary Weapons and Trace Rifles
Reduced damage bonus versus Minors from 40% to 30% (except Fighting Lion).
Exotic Primary Weapons and Trace Rifles benefit from the below damage buffs versus Minor combatants.
Increased base PvE damage versus all combatants.
Pulse Rifles: 20% 
Exceptions: Graviton Lance and Revision Zero's Heavy Burst mode. (These both have an intrinsic PvE damage buff built in.)
Pellet Shotguns: 10% 
Exceptions: Legend of Acrius, Tractor Cannon, Conditional Finality, and The Fourth Horseman. (These are all already performing as intended.)
Slug Shotguns: 9%
Fusion Rifles: 7% 
Exceptions: One Thousand Voices. (This one was just buffed.)
Sniper Rifles: 7% 
Exceptions: Izanagi's Burden's Honed Edge shots and Cloudstrike's storm. (These are both performing well.)
Glaive projectiles: 7%
Linear Fusion Rifles: 5%
Increased damage versus Minors (red bars)this stacks with the base PvE damage increase.
Sidearms, Trace Rifles, Scout Rifles, and Bows: 20%
Auto Rifles and Pulse Rifles: 15%
For Pulse Rifles, this is in addition to the above buff, and Graviton Lance and Revision Zero's Heavy Burst mode are included.
I.e. Pulse Rifles will do 1.2 * 1.15 = 38% more damage to red bars.
Submachine Guns: 10%
Hand Cannons: 5%
Increased damage versus Major combatants (orange bars).
Trace Rifles: 20%
Increased damage globally, including PvP.
Machine Guns: 7%
Swords: 7%
With these damage increases, the following Spec mods have been retired:
Boss Spec, Taken Spec, Minor Spec, Major Spec, and Adept Big Ones Spec.
Scout Rifle
Updated the hip-fire reticle to better show accuracy and aim-assist state.
Hand Cannons
General
Reduced the screen shake dealt to players by Hand Cannon projectile impacts by 33% (does not affect flinch dealt to Combatants).
Heavy Burst
Reduced the base recoil of this sub-family to make them more stable.
Aggressives
Improved the stats of two Aggressive Hand Cannons that are returning in The Final Shape to be more competitive with our current offerings.
Crimil's Dagger (Iron Banner)
Stability: 23 to 31
Handling: 23 to 31
Magazine Size: 8 to 9
Airborne Effectiveness: 10 to 21
Something New (Solstice)
Stability: 27 to 30
Handling: 24 to 30
Magazine Size: 8 to 9
Sniper Rifles
Increased minimum reserves from 14 to 17 shots; maximum reserve is unchanged.
Changed the way flinch works when taking damage from players (this does not affect incoming damage from combatants).
Increased the screen shake duration by 25%.
Increased the screen shake intensity by 350%.
Reduced the camera roll by 25%.
Linear Fusion Rifles
Reduced firing animation kick and recoil for Adaptive Linear Fusion Rifles.
Kinetic damage type weapons
No longer deal bonus damage to bosses; damage to other combatant tiers is unchanged.
For example, a kinetic Sniper Rifle and a Stasis Sniper Rifle of the same subfamily will both deal the same damage to a boss.
Wave Grenade Launchers
The size of the wave is now affected by the blast radius stat. This will mostly impact the width of the wave, though the length and height will also be scaled.
The default display stat for the blast radius has been changed from 100 to 50 (where 50 represents the previous baselineany stat over 50 will result in a larger wave segment than what was possible before).
Special ammo Wave - Frame Grenade Launchers overperform as add clear weapons in their current state, so we've pulled the length of the wave back a little.
Reduced the length of the waves from 22 meters to 15 meters (except for Dead Messenger).
Swords
Updated the Sword reticle to better indicate its charge state. When Sword energy is consumed, the amount of delay the Sword has before it begins to recharge now subtly appears in the reticle.
Fixed an issue where the Overwhelming Battlesong debuff from some missions would prevent Swords from recharging or losing energy while guarding.
Fixed an issue where unpowered caster Sword heavy attacks would not reset the Sword's energy recharge delay.
Fixed an issue where uncharged adaptive Sword heavy attacks cost the same amount of ammo as their charged counterparts. They now cost 1 ammo, same as other uncharged heavy attacks.
Rocket Sidearms
Added a slight delay to the detonation to allow perks to activate correctly if they required precision kills.
Exotics
Non-precision based add clear-Exotic Primary weapons:
Reduced splash damage by 10% on the following weapons:
Sunshot
Trinity Ghoul
Polaris Lance
Graviton Lance
Rat King
Swapped the firing animation to the same one used by other auto-fire Sidearms.
Dead Man's Tale
Baseline:
Cranial Spike stacks now grant stability in addition to aim assist stat and range (+2 per stack).
Increased reload speed benefit of Cranial Spike stacks.
With catalyst, when hip-firing:
Slightly reduced accuracy benefits.
Increased magnetism falloff scale (1.6 to 1.7).
Increased baseline rate of fire from 130RPM to 140RPM.
Removed PvE-only damage buff that scaled with stacks of Cranial Spike and added a 15% damage bonus at maximum stacks of Cranial Spike.
Colony
Now spawns additional insectoid robots on final blows. More robots (up to five) spawn from tougher combatants.
Touch of Malice
Increased duration of burn applied by the Darkness Ball against combatants from 2 to 3.5 seconds.
Necrochasm
Intrinsic perk now provides increased reload speed after precision kills.
Increased duration of burn applied by the Cursed Thrall explosion against combatants from 2 to 3.5 seconds.
Catalyst has been rebuilt.
One for Thrall: Damaging 3 combatants in quick succession provides a period of increased damage, range, and aim assist.
Truth
Increased area-of-effect (AoE) damage such that it doesn't lose noticeable damage due to not dealing impact damage.
Increased total reserves by 3. (This is on top of the reserves change to high impact Rocket Launchers from the 7.3.5 update.)
Queenbreaker
Increased damage versus bosses, minibosses, Champions, and vehicles by 12%.
Increased reserve ammunition by 3.
Symmetry
Catalyst now provides +10 reload speed, +10 handling, and the Eddy Current perk, in addition to its existing effects.
Cerberus+1
Focus fire now will activate on Special reloads following a kill and will no longer reduce range or rate of fire.
Updated hipfire reticle to better convey weapon spread.
Bastion
Reworked Saint's Fists perk: Dealing damage with melee increases the charge rate, damage, and reload speed for a short duration. Landing a majority of pellets in a burst increases melee damage.
Eriana's Vow
Breaking a matched shield or piercing a Champion's Barrier will cause the target to ignite.
Devil's Ruin
Fixed an issue where the firing animation from Devil's Ruin would get applied to other equipped Sidearms if the weapon was swapped during the firing animation.
Gjallarhorn
Updated the visuals of Wolfpack Rounds to match the damage type of the weapon. For example:
On Gjallarhorn, they will use Solar effects.
On the Royal Entry Void Rocket Launcher buffed by Gjallarhorn, they will have Void effects.
Grand Overture
Grand Overture now displays 'Volley Ready' instead of 'Rockets Loaded' after special reload, to help better indicate when the rockets are primed to fire on trigger pull.
Osteo Striga
Now has a 4-second cooldown on the poison burst on kills. (Poison burst from sustained damage doesn't receive this cooldown.)
The Lament
Reduced healing effect by 20%.
While this weapon does inherit the 7% global buff to Swords, we've reduced the damage of the high end of the chained heavy attack by 20% from that point.
This means combos at lower stacks are less affected by the change than combos at higher stacks.
Deterministic Chaos
This weapon is now intrinsically anti-barrier.
The Heavy Metal and Vexadecimal perks have had their locations and behavior swapped.
Heavy Metal now causes every 4th bullet to make targets volatile.
Vexadecimal now causes every 16th bullet to also weaken targets.
Divinity
Increased the number of shots required to generate the cage by 75% against combatants (PvP unchanged).
Ace of Spades
Fixed an issue that was causing the Memento Mori sound effect to replay when exiting out of sprint.
Edge of Intent
Edge of Intent Healing Turret updated to match Speaker's Sight Healing Turret.
Edge of Intent's alternate weapon action projectile no longer bounces off walls and non-floor geometries.
Healing Turret will spawn offset along the tangent of the surface hit.
Healing Turret now applies Cure and Restoration. Having the Aspect Touch of Flame equipped improves these effects.
Perks
Alacrity
Will no longer work in Rumble.
Archer's Gambit
Reduced the effect so it can be used on Legendary weapons.
Reduced draw time buff from 66% to 60%.
Reduced buff duration from 8 to 4 seconds (but it can now stack up to 8 seconds).
Grave Robber
Will now activate on dealing damage with a powered melee, in addition to standard melee kills.
The Fundamentals
The Fundamentals now maintains its state across death or respawn.
Chain Reaction
Branched between Heavy and Special ammo weapons.
Special: About 15% smaller AoE size and 20% less damage.
Heavy: Same AoE as before and 30% more damage.
Eddy Current
Now takes 1.5 seconds of sprinting to activate instead of 3 seconds.
Also provides a bonus to handling and a 5% scalar on each stat at base.
Being amplified will immediately activate the perk at its maximum effectiveness.
Underdog
Instances of Underdog have been replaced with Pulse Monitor.
Osmosis and Permeability:
These no longer drop off when pulling out a Ghost or similar actions.
Now partially refill the weapon's magazine on activation.
Chill Clip
Adjusted the number of slow stacks applied based on properties of the weapon.
In this case, Rapid-Fire Fusions like Riptide will still require 3 shots to freeze, but slower firing Fusions only require 2.
All other archetypes have been un-nerfed and only require 2 shots to freeze.
Killing Tally
The Killing Tally perk on the original 21% Delirium Machine Gun has been updated to match the version found on random-rolled weapons.
High Ground
Reworked to provide a stacking damage bonus when getting kills in any context (like Rampage) or instantly granting the maximum amount of stacks when damaging an enemy from the high ground.
PvE max bonus increased to a 25% damage bonus, and PvP max increased to 15%.
Perks that currently match the player's equipped subclass have been changed as follows:
Osmosis and Tessellation now match the damage type of the equipped grenade.
Permeability and Elemental Capacitor now match the damage type of the equipped Super.
Deconstruct
Now refills from reserves instead of from thin air and should trigger more reliably across weapon types.
Headstone
Fixed an issue where Headstone used a Stasis positive buff icon for its cooldown status message. Headstone now uses a cooldown icon, similar to other cooldowns.
Pugilist
Fixed an issue where the melee buff visual effect repeatedly flashed when Pugilist was activated by melee damage-over-time.
Dream Work
Updated to work with additional weapon archetypes.
Precision Instrument
Fixed an issue that caused this perk to activate too quickly on burst-fire Linear Fusion Rifles.
Heavy Burst Intrinsic
Now slightly reduces incoming flinch.
General
The Wicked Implement Scout Rifle has been moved to the Monument to Lost Lights.
Its catalyst will now be available as a random drop via ritual playlist post-match rewards.
Updated new drops of Raid Adepts from Crota's End and Root of Nightmares to have 2 traits in their trait columns.
Added Weapon Enhancement to the Raid Adepts from Vow of Disciple and King's Fall.
Collecting base weapon patterns will now provide a boost per weapon set to the chance of getting a third trait in the trait columns on new drops.
This can be tracked via new Triumphs in each raid's respective collection.
Memento stack size limit has been increased from 1 to 3.
Mementos are no longer tracked in the Inventory tab.
Players can now view, track, and apply their collected Mementos within the inspection screen of an enhanced or shaped weapon.
Dismantling Faded Mementos will provide +1 Memento to use within the inspection screen.
If a player is at the new stack size limited of 3 Mementos, that Memento will not drop again until they are holding less than 3 Mementos.
Fixed an issue where Raid Adept Weapons from The Pantheon Triumphs dropped without selected perks. Players will now see these perks applied on those items.
At a later date, a fix will be applied to correct bad masterwork or enhanced intrinsic options on these weapons to the intended roll.
We recommend players select a Masterwork option that functions on that weapon type to get the stat benefit when upgrading to enhanced.
Removed Resonant and Harmonic Alloys.
Acquiring an Adept version of a weapon now unlocks Focusing for base version of that weapon.
Fixed an issue where anti-Champion mods were causing other weapon perks to fall off.
Fixed an issue causing Mindbender's Ambition to not glow when getting kills.
Fixed an issue where the intensity on some damage screen effects and various projectiles could cause potential photosensitivity issues.
Power and Progression
Power Bands have been updated.
Power Floor: 1900
Soft Cap: 1940
Powerful Cap: 1990
Hard Cap/Pinnacle Cap: 2000
For more information on Power changes, check outthe April 25 TWID.
Sparrows
Adjusted the Alpine Dash Sparrow to have available speed options similar to other Sparrows and made the auto-reloading perk always available.
In the spirit of the original Sparrow upgrade progression from 2019, the side-to-side boost perk is only available during the Dawning.
Triumphs
Added Strand fireteam Triumphs to all previous raids.
These are not required for Seal or title but provide an additional optional challenge for all interested fireteams.
General
The Tower's weapons vendor, Banshee-44, will now reset his weapons and their perks at the same time along with all other vendors at 10 AM PT.
Fixed an issue where the tutorial prompt teaching players how to summon their Sparrow wasn't always appearing.
Fixed an issue where the shader library order in the Appearance Customization did not match the layout in other screens.
Fixed an issue where the header for Ascendant Alloys did not match the format of other items in Special Orders.
Fixed an issue where Paraversal Haul did not appear in Collections.
Fixed an issue where the Bonus Objective progress bar could overlap with status effects UI.
Fixed an issue where several emotes were not properly sorted with their associated quality level when viewed in the emote selection screen.
Fixed an issue where the Season of the Dawn icon was not properly applied to items acquired from the Season of the Dawn Flashback offer.
Fixed an issue where previewing associated Exotic weapon ornaments whose Pattern has been unlocked showed as Unacquired rather than Craftable in the Eververse.
Fixed an issue where the Season Pass messaging did not note that a 20% XP bonus is unlocked alongside the Exotic weapon when the premium track is unlocked.

Destiny 2 Update 7.3.6.6
Activities
Crucible
Fixed an issue where players could get into several unintended locations on Eventide Labs, Dissonance, and Cirrus Plaza.
Fixed an issue where a Heavy ammo crate would spawn inside the wall for certain modes on Dissonance.
Gameplay and Investment
Bounties and Pursuits
Fixed an issue where the Zero Hour solo flawless Triumph Zero Deaths was not being granted in Normal difficulty after completing the requirements.
Reduced the number of Triumphs required for the BRAVE Title by 1.

Destiny 2 Update 7.3.6.5
Activities
Crucible
Fixed an issue where Heavy ammo sharing was enabled on Clash 3v3 Quickplay and Map Pack playlists.
Fixed an issue where players could get into an unintended location on Eventide Labs.
Onslaught
Fixed an issue where killing the boss too quickly could prevent further Onslaught progress on Vostok and Mothyards.
Fixed an issue where the Boss Portal could fail to spawn at Wave 20 on Midtown.
Fixed an issue where some Pyramid ship boss room switches would occasionally not activate.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Fixed an issue where the critical health damage bonus for Mechaneer's Tricksleeves was doing more damage than intended.
Mods
Fixed an issue where equipping Scavenger mods would allow Xenophage and Grand Overture to receive more ammo than intended from Heavy ammo bricks.
Bounties and Pursuits
Fixed an issue where the Multimach CCX Submachine Gun and Tusk of the Boar Grenade Launcher did not count as Iron Banner weapons towards challenges and Triumphs.
Fixed an issue where some BRAVE weapons were not progressing the BRAVE Weaponsmaster Triumph.

Destiny 2 Update 7.3.6.4
Activities
Crucible
Maps

Three new maps have been added to the Crucible: Eventide Labs, Dissonance, and Cirrus Plaza.
These new maps will be available on a separate 3v3 playlist called New Territory.
Competitive

Special ammo bricks will now exclusively drop from Primary weapon final blows, regardless of whether the player who was defeated had Special ammo.
Defeating a player who has Special ammo through any means other than a Primary ammo weapon will not spawn a Special ammo brick, though the defeated player will still lose their Special ammo.
Fixed an issue where players could be blocked from spawning on Burnout in the Competitive playlist.
The Pantheon
Fixed an issue where players would be unable to complete a full run if entering from a saved checkpoint.
Fixed an issue where Adept weapon loot from the first Platinum clear did not have the correct perks available and selected.
Onslaught
Fixed an issue where the Extinguish modifier on Heatwaves would end runs if the entire party died.
Fixed an issue where players were not teleported to the correct ADU location after the mechanical and boss phases.
Fixed an issue where killing the boss too quickly could prevent further Onslaught progress.

Destiny 2 Update 7.3.6.3
Activities
Crucible
Special ammo meter system changes:
Unified all respawn mode ammo point reward values under the previous 3v3 respawn mode point values. (On average, it now requires less actions to earn the same amount of ammo.)
Ammo transmats (including the initial one at the start of the game) will now reward one kill's worth of ammo, but the meter will charge slightly more than twice as fast.
Removed the ability for ability kills to contribute to the ammo meter.
Unified the point rewards into two distinct groups to reduce variability and make the system easier to understand.
New point reward values:
Respawn modes
Primary weapon kills: 50
Actions (includes assists, deaths, control zone captures, and Heavy ammo pulls): 25
Elimination Modes
Primary weapon kills: 70
Actions (includes assists, deaths, and Heavy ammo pulls): 35
An ammo transmat is rewarded when a player has accrued 100 points.
Increased preference for spawning near allies in Clash 3v3 for Competitive and Quickplay playlists.
Onslaught
Fixed an issue where Extinguish was not being cleared properly during a Tormentor heatwave.
Fixed an issue where larger enemies teleported behind the ADU.
Fixed an issue where ADU batteries could heal enemies when thrown.
Additionally, healing functionality when thrown at defenses has been increased at the cost of consuming the ADU battery.
Fixed an issue where players hide from enemies in a spot in the boss room.
No more cheese for you.
Fixed an issue in Legend difficulty where the portal to the boss room would not appear after wave 50.
Exotic Mission
The Whisper

Fixed an issue with the spawning visual effect of Taken bosses.
Fixed an issue where players would not be kicked to orbit after the timer runs out.
Fixed some out-of-bounds spots.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Removed the red dot from the Tusk of the Boar Grenade Launcher when aiming down sights, as it was not supposed to have one.
Fixed a bug that prevented The Mountaintop's projectiles from piercing barrier Champion shields.
The BRAVE versions of The Recluse and Hammerhead sights now correctly highlight enemies.
Bounties and Pursuits
The Shaxx bounty to complete a pathway in Riven's Lair will now correctly count The Coil.
Edited description for Breaking the Charge Triumph to make its requirement clearer.
General
Fixed an issue where the Pyramidic Vessel ship showed bright flashing lights in Orbit.

Destiny 2 Update 7.3.6.2
Activities
Crucible
Elimination

Fixed an issue where a single player would be unable to spawn every-other round on Burnout in the Elimination playlists.
Competitive

Fixed an issue where Mercy ruling was present in Competitive playlists.
Fixed an issue where Special ammo crates were not respawning on Wormhaven in 3v3 Clash Competitive playlists.
Raids and Dungeons
Warlord's Ruin

Fixed issue where solo players were unable to complete Warlord's Ruin due to blocked doors at the imprisoned puzzle after the first encounter is completed.
Kingsfall

Fixed an issue where two players could receive the Unstable Light debuff at the same time during the Golgoroth encounter.
Onslaught
Adjusted reward drops to ensure a guaranteed weapon drop within a 50-wave run and an additional bonus weapon drop upon completion of wave 50 in any difficulty.
Fixed an issue where the portal out of the Pyramid arena would occasionally not spawn.
Fixed an issue where the activity would end after looting the default reward chest in wave 50 instead waiting for all chests to be looted.
Fixed an issue where players could access unintended locations in the Pyramid arena boss encounter.
Fixed an issue where players could duplicate batteries using class abilities.
Fixed a crash caused by environmental objects.
Fixed an issue where repeatable Onslaught bounties would take up two quest slots and only allowed players to abandon one of them.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Updated the reticle bounce behavior on the BRAVE Recluse to more closely match the behavior on the original Recluse.
General
Fixed an issue where the Gilded Cage ornament was missing spikes on one side of the barrel.
Fixed an issue where jumping and interacting with a vendor would not display the vendor screen correctly.
Fixed an issue where picking up a New Light Kit would override existing abilities for that subclass in saved loadouts.
Fixed issue where the Vanguard node was locked for New Light players after completing the Tower tutorial.


Destiny 2 Update 7.3.6.2
Activities
Crucible
Elimination

Fixed an issue where a single player would be unable to spawn every-other round on Burnout in the Elimination playlists.
Competitive

Fixed an issue where Mercy ruling was present in Competitive playlists.
Fixed an issue where Special ammo crates were not respawning on Wormhaven in 3v3 Clash Competitive playlists.
Raids and Dungeons
Warlord's Ruin

Fixed issue where solo players were unable to complete Warlord's Ruin due to blocked doors at the imprisoned puzzle after the first encounter is completed.
Kingsfall

Fixed an issue where two players could receive the Unstable Light debuff at the same time during the Golgoroth encounter.
Onslaught
Adjusted reward drops to ensure a guaranteed weapon drop within a 50-wave run and an additional bonus weapon drop upon completion of wave 50 in any difficulty.
Fixed an issue where the portal out of the Pyramid arena would occasionally not spawn.
Fixed an issue where the activity would end after looting the default reward chest in wave 50 instead waiting for all chests to be looted.
Fixed an issue where players could access unintended locations in the Pyramid arena boss encounter.
Fixed an issue where players could duplicate batteries using class abilities.
Fixed a crash caused by environmental objects.
Fixed an issue where repeatable Onslaught bounties would take up two quest slots and only allowed players to abandon one of them.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Updated the reticle bounce behavior on the BRAVE Recluse to more closely match the behavior on the original Recluse.
General
Fixed an issue where the Gilded Cage ornament was missing spikes on one side of the barrel.
Fixed an issue where jumping and interacting with a vendor would not display the vendor screen correctly.
Fixed an issue where picking up a New Light Kit would override existing abilities for that subclass in saved loadouts.
Fixed issue where the Vanguard node was locked for New Light players after completing the Tower tutorial.

Destiny 2 Update 7.3.6.1
Activities
Crucible
General
Quitter penalties are now applied to the account and not the character.
Iron Banner
Increased the drop rates for Tusk of the Boar and Multimach CCX for players that have not acquired them yet.
Destiny 2: Into the Light
Onslaught
Fixed an issue where players who miss the portal back to the main combat area remain stuck for the duration of the purchase phase.
Fixed an issue where Onslaught was showing the Trials of Osiris symbol when selecting the activity.
Exotic Missions
The Whisper
Fixed an issue where only the player breaking an Oracle would get rewards.
Fixed an issue where the player breaking an Oracle could get more rewards than intended.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Fixed an issue where players could get unlimited uptime for the Cascade Point perk.
UI/UX
Fireteam Finder
Fixed an issue where creating a Fireteam Finder listing for the Vanguard Ops playlist wouldn't launch a random activity from said playlist.
General
Fixed an issue where interacting with Shaxx's holograms in Hall of Champions would play the wrong character animation.

Destiny 2 Update 7.3.6
Activities
Crucible
Updated the playlist tooltips to correctly display which matchmaking style is used for each mode.
Fixed an issue where the Special ammo crate location was incorrectly displayed in the announcement when picked up on Vostok.
Added the Hardware modifier to Crucible Labs for testing.
Added a sound effect for the "Special ammo incoming" announcement when a Special ammo crate is about to spawn.
Competitive

Removed Survival and Countdown Rush from the Competitive playlist and replaced with 3v3 Clash and Collision.
Collision
Updated the zone placements for Vostok and Dead Cliffs.
Updated several Special ammo crate placements on Altar of Flame, Anomaly, Endless Value, Eternity, and Multiplex.
Clash
Replaced the Special ammo meter system with Special ammo crates for 3v3 Clash.
Enabled a unified Competitive ruleset for Collision and Clash.
Game Length: 10 minutes.
Respawns: 7 seconds.
Revives: Enabled.
Special ammo spawns: 4 crates, 60 seconds, shared.
Heavy ammo spawns: Single crate, 120 seconds, not shared.
Expanded the Not Swap modifier to cover changing ammo types in either your Kinetic or Energy slot mid-life.
Reduced variation in Competitive rank adjustment on match completion.
Trials

Post-game weapon drops will now reward the weekly weapon.
For the first two weeks, Special ammo crate variants will be tested in Trials, alongside the Not Swap modifier.
Raids and Dungeons
Crota's End
Fixed an issue where all players could die and wipe at the same time that Crota is defeated, awarding loot but not awarding completion of the encounter.
Deep Stone Crypt
Fixed an issue where shooting the Atraks replication attached to a player would cause ammo to spawn.
Warlord's Ruin
Fixed an issue in the jail puzzle where Glaive projectiles and Bow arrows could not hit targets consistently.
Fixed an issue in the Ogre encounter where the Warden Knight on the right side of the stage wouldn't spawn totems consistently.
Improved respawn placement in the room with the giant Taken orb and flying debris hazards.
Vow of the Disciple
Adjusted some visual effects in the final encounter to mitigate some photosensitivity concerns.
Free Roam
Fixed an issue that could cause players to crash after The Arsenal Walker public event.
Fixed an issue where a loud volume spike could occur when exiting the Fynch vendor screen on Throne World.
UI/UX
General
Fixed an issue where players had to spam click to give commendations to other players that left their activity.
Fixed an issue where direct launching a quest from the Quest Details screen wouldn't always launch players to the landing zone closest to the objective.
Fixed an issue where the Dawning emblem icon displayed no background.
Fixed an issue where the Legacy button on the Character Select screen was not working.
Fixed an issue where Iron Banner Legacy ornaments were missing a reward acquire sound.
Fixed an issue where the Stasis subclass category icons at the Exo Stranger/Elsie vendor were using Void iconography.
Fixed an issue where the icons for the Trials Auto Rifle, Strike Grenade Launcher, and dungeon Pulse Rifle Relentless were facing the incorrect way.
Fixed an issue where the icon for the Warlock Guardian Games class item was not accurately representing the armor art.
Fireteam Finder
Reduced the size of the Fireteam Finder banner in the Roster screen.
Added an animation to a Listing when successfully submitting an application.
Improved notifications for applications and join requests to Roster contacts when the players don't own the required game content.
Players will now be able to see all players that are included in an application to help make a more informed decision on applying or joining Listings.
Improved the way Listing Settings and Filters are stored for quicker Listing creation.
Fixed an issue where pressing Reset in the Join Settings Filter screen did not reset options.
Fixed an issue where a random Select button appeared in the Fireteam Finder application screen.
Fixed an issue where spamming buttons could load an empty Activity screen.
Fixed an issue where the wrong selection screen appeared in Fireteam Finder when using the Activity Launch screen while already in a Fireteam.
Fixed an issue where the Accept Application pop up would shift when attempting to Accept Applications.
Localization
Fixed issues with text overlaps and alignment for various languages in The Guardian Oath screen.
Fixed font issues for some languages in the Summon Fireteam button.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Extended the handling bonus granted by Lucky Pant's Illegally Modded Holster buff by 2 seconds so that it lasts until the Out of Luck debuff is activated.
Fixed an issue where a visual bump would occur when Overload Artifact perks were triggered.
Fixed an issue where weapons that can change their element type were benefitting from multiple surge bonuses at once.
Fixed an issue where the intrinsic perk Warlord's Sigil used an incorrect term for Freeze.
Weapon Archetypes
Auto Rifles
Precisions
Reduced base damage by 5%.
Hand Cannons
Precisions
Increased base damage by 6%.
Adaptives
Increased body shot damage by 1% and critical hit damage by 4%.
Improved the stats of Luna's Howl and Midnight Coup.
Pulse Rifles
Rapid-Fires
Increased body shot damage by 3.5% and critical hit damage by 1%.
Lightweights
Increased body shot damage by 6% and critical hit damage by 3%.
Adaptives
Increased body shot damage by 5% and critical hit damage by 2%.
Aggressives
Improved the stats of Blast Furnace.
Scout Rifles
Rapid-Fires
Increased base damage by 2%.
Submachine Guns
Lightweights
Improved the stats of Recluse.
Bows
Lightweights
Increased base damage by 6%.
Le Monarque and Wish-Ender are not affected in this change.
Shotguns
Precisions
Corrected a rounding issue that was causing Precision Shotguns to require one extra pellet to kill max-resilience Guardians.
Breech Grenade Launchers
Increased direct impact damage by 40%.
This works out to be roughly a 15% overall damage buff, though total damage varies depending on the blast radius stat.
Reduced Disorienting Grenade radius for both damage and the disorientation effect by 15%.
Increased The Mountaintop's PvE damage to make it competitive with other Breech-Loaded Grenade Launchers.
Reverted a change from Season 12 that made The Mountaintop less accurate while airborne.
Heavy Grenade Launchers
Increased the stats of Edge Transit.
Exotics
Updated perk descriptions to include subclass verbs for the following weapons (these weapons already had this functionality, but it just wasn't explained in the perk descriptions):
Sunshot, Polaris Lance, One Thousand Voices, and Leviathan's Breath.
Whisper of the Worm
Increased total ammunition from 18 to 24 (before reserves mods).
One Thousand Voices
Increased total ammunition from 7 to 11 (before reserves mods).
Quicksilver Storm
Increased the shots needed to trigger rockets by 50%.
Reduced grenade area-of-effect damage vs. combatants by 37.5%.
The Last Word
Increased base damage by 6%.
Forerunner
Increased base damage by 6%.
Perks
Reintroducing Dares of Eternity weapon perks that were previously removed. These can now roll on new drops or be added to shaped versions of the weapon.
Master of Arms
Reduced damage bonus from 20% to 15%.
Magnificent Howl
Precision final blows grant stacks, and reloading converts the stacks into Magnificent Howl rounds that deal greatly increased damage and have additional range. Getting a precision kill with a Magnificent Howl active converts an additional round.
Micro-Missile
Redesigned this perk to be a weapon intrinsic. It's rebuilt to do less direct damage vs. players, but with dramatically more self-physics impulse.
Retuned its PvE damage to be competitive with other Breech-Loaded Grenade Launchers.
Increased its reload speed slightly.
Since this is now an intrinsic on The Mountaintop, Micro-Missile has been replaced with Rampage in the first trait slot on old versions of the weapon.
Permeability
Fixed an issue where this perk was causing the The Slammer Sword to get stuck on the Strand damage type.
Omolon
Fixed an issue where overflowing the magazine could break the Omolon origin perk.
Deconstruct
Deconstruct will no longer activate on Scorch, Threadling, Stasis Shatter, and Jolt damage.
Slice
Fixed an issue that could cause Slice to lose stacks when shooting an enemy with a weapon that has a rapid rate of fire.
Headstone
Fixed an issue where Headstone's cooldown was using the wrong icon. Headstone now uses the standard cooldown icon instead of a Stasis buff icon.
Crucible Only Changes
Reduced flinch taken by all Primary weapons by 15%.
Sunshot
Increased precision damage by 11%.
Wish-Ender
Reduced base damage by 5%.
Forerunner
Removed the critical hit damage bonus that was supposed to be just for Primary ammo sidearms, and replaced that with the 6% global base damage bonus.
Corrected several weapons getting the wrong ammo amounts from either the Special ammo crates or meter systems, including Buried Bloodlines and some Fusion Rifles.
Other Fixes
Fixed an issue where reprised Dreaming City weapons could not obtain the Rare shader Burnished Dreams or the Legendary shader Blueshift Dreams.
Improved the chance a player will obtain the Burnished Dreams shader when dismantling a weapon with the shader.
Improved the likelihood of Blueshift Dreams appearing on Dreaming City weapons.
Fixed an issue where the Last Rite Scout Rifle had an incorrect appearance.
Fixed an issue where the Xenology quest incorrectly stated that having an Exotic cipher would prevent rewarding another, despite the player being eligible.
Fixed an issue where Word of Crota was using the incorrect stat group.
Fixed a photosensitivity issue with Outbreak Perfected.
Fixed an issue where Mountaintop and Jotuun's hip-fire reticles were not centered.
Fixed an issue with Vengeful Whisper where an arrow was visible when holstered and stored on the players back.
Fixed an issue where the updated Dreaming City weapons were not appearing in Collections.
Fixed an issue where notifications specific to The Coil could appear in Riven's Lair.
Abilities
Reduced the cost of Strand fragments at the Pouka Pond from 200 Strand Meditations to 100 Strand Meditations.
Fixed an issue where Overload or Antibarrier capabilities granted through artifact mods or subclass keywords could reduce ignition damage created by some weapons.
Bounties and Pursuits
Fixed an issue where completing the 2023 Moments of Triumph title did not count towards the appropriate Guardian Rank objectives.
General
Fixed an issue where Dares and Wellspring Fireteam Finders would try to launch the Salvage activity.
Fixed a visual issue causing the Chill Out finisher effects to persist after the finisher ends.
Fixed an issue that was causing the Ascendant Realm sky to block out the Dreaming City skybox in certain areas.
Fixed an issue where players could regenerate Skimmer energy in midair by re-summoning their Skimmer.

Destiny 2 Update 7.3.5.3
Activities
Crucible
Competitive

Fixed an issue where Artifice Armor could drop on match victory prior to completing the Tier 3 Competitive Weekly Challenge.
Trials of Osiris

Fixed an issue where Trials weapons were not glowing.
Gameplay and Investment
Mods

Reserve chest mods no longer work in Crucible.
General

Fixed an issue that caused Skimmers to move faster than intended when repeatedly pressing boost.
Destiny 2 Update 7.3.5.2
Activities
Crucible
General

Fixed several issues where Special ammo crates were incorrectly spawning in Control and Supremacy game modes on Fragment, Pacifica, and Cathedral of Dusk.
Fixed an issue where Lord Shaxx's announcement for Supremacy game mode was missing in Guardian Games Supremacy playlists. (He took some throat lozenges and was feeling up to the task once again.)
Fixed an issue where the Mercy ruling was absent in all Supremacy-based game modes, including Guardian Games playlists.
Fixed an issue where the game mode banner icon was the placeholder version for Collision mode in Crucible Labs.
Trials of Osiris

Fixed an issue where incorrect Special ammo meter reward amounts were used. The meter should fill slightly faster now.
Fixed an issue where the Passage of Persistence could become flawed when losing a game while at 0 wins, preventing players from earning the Adept reward at 7 wins.
Guardian Games All-Stars
Fixed an issue where the Heir Apparent Exotic Machine Gun catalyst quest could drop for players who have already obtained the Heir Apparent Catalyst.
Fixed an issue where the Hullabaloo Legendary Grenade Launcher rewards obtained from the weekly Gold and Platinum podiums could drop with a Range Masterwork.
Fixed an issue where the Drop In and Top of Class pursuits would remain available on Eva after claiming them.
Fixed an issue where the Trials of Osiris Diamond Contender Card would be collected more than one time.
UI and UX
Fixed an issue in which the emblem Out of the Airlock was not displaying properly.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Fixed an issue where the Stronghold Exotic Gauntlets was incorrectly granting Restoration x1 instead of Restoration x2.
Fixed an issue where the Allstar Cloak and Allstar Mark class items were not available to convert into universal ornaments.
Fixed an issue where the Titan Lion's Might Helmet ornament wasn't displaying properly.
Bounties and Pursuits
Players stuck on the first step of Season 22's Toil and Trouble quest line should now have access to the Way of the Witch mission.
Completing this activity properly advances the quest line, ensuring eventual access to the portal in the H.E.L.M.
Affected players will briefly lose access to the Savathun's Spire node until the Way of the Witch mission has been completed to advance the quest.
Players who were able to acquire Season 22's Bladed Path quest line prior to the Toil and Trouble quest line were blocked from ever receiving Toil and Trouble.
Upon logging in (assuming the completion of the Season 23 introductory quest line), affected players should receive Toil and Trouble and be able to progress through that quest line to gain access to the portal in the H.E.L.M.
Affected players will briefly lose access to the Savathun's Spire node until the Way of the Witch mission has been completed to advance the quest.
Fixed an issue where collecting the Cabal Missive did not advance The Final Strand quest. Collecting the Cabal Missive will now advance the quest.
General
Fixed an issue where Skimmer grinding would not work when using the hold to crouch command.
Platforms and Systems
Fixed an issue in which text and voice chat were not available for console play.

Destiny 2 Update 7.3.5.1
Activities
Fixed an issue in Crucible where Glaives were only receiving one round from the Special ammo meter.
Fixed an issue where Guardian Games Supremacy and private matches were not using the Crucible sandbox updates.
Gameplay and Investment
Fixed an issue where the Aurora Sacrifice armor ornament would cause surrounding environment to glow red when in third-person view.
General
Fixed an issue where Skimmers could jump up the side of walls.
Fixed an issue that could cause the game client to crash when performing tricks on Skimmers.
Fixed an issue where claiming the Alliance Requisitions bundle from the Seasonal tab was not showing the correct post purchase animation.
Fixed an issue where a player's platform name would appear under Player Details rather than their Bungie Name.
Fixed an exploit that could cause crashes for other players in the area.

Destiny 2 Update 7.3.5
Activities
Crucible
General

Fixed an issue causing crests to bounce on water in Supremacy.
Altered the way the experimental Snake Draft lobby balancer handles fireteams.
Updated the playlist tooltips to correctly display which matchmaking style is being used for each mode.
Maps

Tuning pass over the initial spawning, Heavy ammo crate, and tiebreaker zone locations for all maps.
Map spawning quality of life pass.
Addressed spawn traps for Eternity and Fortress.
Removed all backfield spawns for non-Rift modes: The Citadel, Cathedral of Dusk, Disjunction, and Convergence.
Game Modes

Moved 3v3 Clash to the 3v3 Quickplay rotator and updated the rules:
Heavy ammo is no longer shared.
Respawn timer increased from 5 to 7 seconds.
Match timer increased to 10 minutes, score to win remains 40.
Added Collision, a new 3v3 king of the hill game mode, to Crucible Labs.
A single, larger zone will rotate between five points around the map on a timer. Capturing and controlling that rotating zone will earn a team points.
This mode will also feature test an alternative Special ammo crate system.
The Special ammo crate system will feature four shareable Special ammo crates that spawn simultaneously at the beginning of the game or round, and then on a timer afterwards.
Each control zone location (A, B, and C) will have an associated Special ammo crate, and the fourth crate will be in a neutral location.
Players who currently have Special ammo will drop Special ammo bricks upon defeat.
Iron Banner Tribute has been reworked:
Simplified objectives and scoring.
Changed the trigger for the Hunt from depositing max crests to a team score threshold.
User-experience improvements.
Decreased the distance at which crest icons can be seen.
Reworked how quickly the beacons de-spawn and rotate.
Significantly decreased the time it takes to dunk crests.
Reduced the number of turrets that spawn with the Hunt beacon from 4 to 3.
Removed the visual indicator ("wall hacks") on players carrying max crests.
Competitive

Added a third tier to the Competitive weekly challenge with a new reward of Artifice Armor.
This tier is unlocked for all players who reach rank Gold III or above each Season.
This tier requires match victories instead of completions.
Upon completion of the challenge, each victory thereafter has a chance to drop Artifice Armor, and the drop rates increase alongside a player's rank.
Drop rates are based on a player's highest rank achieved for the Season, not their current rank.
Competitive matches will also have an increased chance to drop Exotic weapon catalysts on victories.
Trials of Osiris

Updated the 50% chance to get a Trials weapon on wins to always drop the weekly weapon reward, to better allow for targeted farming of the specific weapon a player wants.
Added rewards on match completions for three-person fireteams (gated on participation).
An additional 50% chance to drop the non-Adept Trials weekly weapon reward.
A 50% chance at a Trials Engram drop.
Additional Trials reputation.
Trials Passages
Updated:
Passage of Ferocity - If a player hasn't been Flawless for the week, then losses after 3 wins will reset them back to 3 wins instead of Flawing their card.
Added:
Passage of Persistence - Losses following a win will remove the win from a player's card. Consecutive losses do not remove additional wins. Getting to 7 wins grants a drop of the weekly Adept weapon, regardless of how many losses the player has taken.
Added two weapons to the Trials of Osiris rewards rotation.
The Summoner Auto Rifle and its Adept version will be the featured Trials of Osiris weapon for the first time during the week of March 12.
The Prophet Scout Rifle and its Adept version will be the featured Trials of Osiris weapon during the week of March 19.
Iron Banner

Added two weapons to the Iron Banner rewards rotation that will be available starting April 2.
Tusk of the Boar Grenade Launcher
Multimach CCX Submachine Gun
Nightfalls
Added two weapons to the Nightfall loot pool rotation.
The Wild Style Grenade Launcher and its Adept version will be the featured Nightfall weapon for the first time during the week of March 5.
The Slammer Sword and its Adept Version will be the featured Nightfall weapon for the first time during the week of March 19.
Gambit
Fixed an issue with an incorrect Hive variant spawning.
Dungeons
Prophecy
The dungeon weapon pool has been updated. All the added and updated weapons below will also be given this new Origin Trait:
Crossing Over: These weapons have increased range and handling for the top half of the magazine, while rounds from the bottom half of the magazine deal increased damage.
Removed:
A Swift Verdict Sidearm
The Long Walk Sniper Rifle
The Last Breath Auto Rifle
Added:
These weapons will be added to the weapon pool and have received all-new perk pools and, in some cases, new damage types:
Prosecutor Auto Rifle
Primary
Precision Frame
Arc
Origin Trait: Crossing Over
Adjudicator Submachine Gun
Primary
Precision Frame
Kinetic
Origin Trait: Crossing Over
Relentless Pulse Rifle
Primary
High-impact Frame
Damage changed from Kinetic to Strand
Origin Trait: Crossing Over
Updated:
These weapons will remain in the dungeon weapon pool rotation with new perk pools and new damage types.
Judgment Hand Cannon
Primary
Adaptive Frame
Damage changed from Kinetic to Stasis
Origin Trait: Crossing Over
Darkest Before Pulse Rifle
Primary
Rapid-Fire Frame
Damage changed from Arc to Solar
Origin Trait: Crossing Over
A Sudden Death Shotgun
Special
Aggressive Frame
Damage changed from Arc to Void
Origin Trait: Crossing Over
Warlord's Ruin
The correct nameplate now appears when the boss spawns during traversal.
Fixed an issue during the Ogre encounter where killing the Wardens quickly could soft lock the player.
UI/UX
Gunsmith Engrams are now listed in the Engram wallet.
Fixed an issue where some multiplayer emotes would not display their interaction dialogue.
Accessibility
Players are now able to change the location of their reticle, regardless of platform (Center or Below Center) in the Gameplay Settings menu.
Added controller Dead Zone settings in the Controller Settings menu.
Players are now able to adjust the opacity of the radar background on the Character Settings menu.
Fireteam Finder
Fixed an issue where the Create a Listing button prompt would incorrectly say that players' listing title and tags would be reset when reselecting the same activity.
Fixed an issue where the names of players joining Fireteam Finder lobbies were not displayed in group text chat.
Improved activity selection for activities that players may not have access to yet in their progression, notifying them earlier in the selection process the requirements to have it available.
Fixed an issue where the Fireteam Finder application pop up would freeze while it was being accepted.
Fixed an issue where Listing Tags and Minimum Guardian Rank filter categories were reset after closing the filter screen.
Improved search flow by adding feedback when there are active filters applied to the View Listings page.
Fixed an issue in which search filters were not being reset when choosing another activity.
Private Match titles in Fireteam Finder lobbies now include the activity name.
Improved error messaging when players are unable to join or apply to a listing.
Fixed an issue in which stale information was being shown when reselecting activities.
Added Visual Impairment tag in the Listing Tags options.
Fixed an issue in which the tooltip on roster contacts was inconsistent displaying "Finding Fireteam" when not in Fireteam Finder.
Fixed an issue in which text would be stretched or spaced incorrectly in the Fireteam Finder text chat.
Fixed issue where the Application modal stayed open if a player was looking at it while it was accepted.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Promethium Spur: Fixed an issue where Solar weapon kills were not providing the correct amount of Rift energy, both inside and outside of the Rift.
Ballidorse Wrathweavers: Fixed an issue where this armor was providing bonus Stasis damage when using non-Stasis Supers.
Apotheosis Veil: Fixed an issue where Insatiable could be applied when casting Super with relic weapons.
Fixed an issue where the Dark Age and Wyrmguard armor sets were appearing in the Appearance screen before being earned.
Fixed an issue where the artifact mod Revitalizing Blast failed to apply weaken when using Consecration.
Crucible Sandbox
Health:
In base Crucible, increased player health by 30, from 70 to 100.
Shields will still be between 116 and 130, depending on the player's Resilience values.
Ability cooldowns:
Melee, Grenade, and class ability cooldowns now have a 15% penalty applied to them in Crucible only.
Super cooldowns now have a 20% penalty applied to them in Crucible only.
Ability damage:
Supers
Increased base Super damage by 31%.
Melee
Increased base melee damage by 16%.
Grenades
Increased Arc Flux Grenade damage by 16%.
Primary weapon damage:
Pulse Rifles, Auto Rifles, Sidearms, and Scout Rifles
Increased critical hit damage by 14%.
Hand Cannons
Increased critical hit damage by 10%.
Reduced body shot damage by 5%.
Reduced flinch dealt to players by projectile impact by 12.5% and by Explosive Payload by 10%.
Submachine Guns
Increased critical hit damage by 12.5%.
Reduced body shot damage by 3%.
Bows
Reduced base damage by 15%.
Special ammo acquisition:
All players will start every game (all game types, including round-based modes like Dominion) with two kills worth of Special ammo for their chosen weapon.
Instead of two kills worth of Special ammo being granted every time a player respawns, they will earn more ammo by filling up a Special ammo meter, with points given for getting kills, assists, or completing objectives. Getting 100 points grants two kills worth of Special ammo for their chosen weapon.
Kills from Special ammo weapons and Heavy ammo weapons do not grant any points toward Special ammo meter progress.
Jumping off the map will subtract progress from the Special ammo meter.
Ammo is not dropped on death, and players will not lose the Special ammo they earned when they are defeated or revived.
Earned Special ammo will carry over between rounds.
Swapping from double Primary weapons to a Special ammo weapon will reset the player's Special ammo meter progress.
Special weapon damage
Trace Rifles, Shotguns, and Fusion Rifles
Increased base damage by 20%.
Glaives
Increased projectile damage by 20%.
Increased melee damage by 16%.
Heavy weapon damage
Heavy Grenade Launchers
Reduced detonation damage by 5%.
Machine Guns
Increased base damage by 20%.
Exotic weapons:
Fighting Lion
Decreased damage versus players in Crucible by 20%.
Devil's Ruin
Decreased charged beam damage versus players in Crucible by 15%.
Crimson
Reduced flinch dealt to players by projectile impact by 17.5%.
Forerunner
Increased damage versus players in Crucible by 20%.
Symmetry
Increased Revolution damage versus players in Crucible by 16%.
Weapons
General

Fixed an issue where players who have unlocked a weapon pattern via Riven's Wishes and don't own the Forsaken Pack will now be able to craft that weapon.
Fixed an issue where players could swap weapons faster than intended in combination with a grenade or grapple ability.
Fixed an issue where bonus damage from the Surrounded perk would not apply to a Rocket-Assisted Frame Sidearm's detonation damage,
Weapon Archetypes

Hand Cannon
Heavy Burst
Fixed an issue where Heavy Burst Hand Cannons had 25% less aim assist than other Hand Cannons when hip firing or airborne on mouse and keyboard.
Bow
General
Reduced auto aim falloff distance start and end by 15%.
Reduced auto aim cone size by 5% at 100 Accuracy stat (unchanged at 0 stat).
Auto Rifles
Breakneck
Added the missing twelfth perk to Breakneck's second trait column.
Scout Rifles
Lightweights
Increased base damage by 5%.
Sniper Rifles
General
Reduced auto aim by 10%.
Rocket Launcher
Diversified subfamilies:
Precision: Increased reserve ammunition by 2 and reduced damage penalty from -10% to -5%.
High Impact: Increased reserve ammunition by 2 and now deals more area-of-effect damage and less impact, for roughly the same total damage.
The above two changes also affect Deathbringer, Gjallarhorn, and Truth.
Heavy Grenade Launcher
Increased reserve ammunition by 6 rounds at 0 inventory stat and by 10 rounds at 100 inventory stat.
Reduced Spike Grenade's impact damage buff from 50% to 12.5%. With the below changes, this reduces the total Spike Grenades damage buff from about 8% to ~3%, making them less mandatory.
Increased direct hit impact damage by 10%.
Increased detonation damage by 5%. (This is offset by a 5% reduction to detonation damage in PvP.)
Increased Heavy Wave Grenade Launcher damage by 20%.
Increased Heavy Wave Grenade Launcher wave width by 40%.
Sword
Caster Swords
Reduced Heavy attack energy cost from 5 to 4.
Increased Heavy attack damage by 16%.
Exotics

Vigilance Wing
Now has a deterministic recoil pattern.
Vex Mythoclast
Increased aiming down sights (ADS) damage falloff scalar from 1.5x to 1.7x.
Wish-Ender
True Sight will now deactivate if the player leaves ADS or holds it for longer than 3 seconds. To reactivate, fully redraw the bow.
Edge of Action
Added damage resistance against combatants in PvE.
Resists 85% against all combatants except bosses and 15% against bosses.
Manticore
Must now be airborne for 0.5 seconds and deal damage with the weapon to activate the perk. (This prevents accidental activation while running down stairs or doing small jumps.)
Special reload to disengage antigrav thrusters.
While antigrav thrusters are engaged, combatants will be less accurate when targeting the player.
Catalyst: Final blows and sustained damage with this weapon while airborne grant a Void overshield and return ammo to the magazine.
Ex Diris
Increased impact damage vs PvE enemies by 50%.
Increased maximum rate of fire by 16%.
Conditional Finality
Fixed an issue where the Freeze and Ignition effects could sometimes be applied at extremely long distances.
Outbreak Perfected
Fixed a flashing photosensitivity issue when firing the weapon.
Perks

Heal Clip
Now grants cure x2 to the player (still grants cure x1 to nearby allies).
Trench Barrel
Can now be activated by dealing damage with ranged melee attacks.
Barrel Constrictor
No longer deactivates upon firing a shot and lasts for 7.5 seconds (enhanced 8.5 seconds).
Loose Change
Applying an elemental debuff now increases aim assist and ADS movement speed, in addition to reload speed.
Dual Loader
Removed the reload speed penalty.
Tex Balanced Stock
Now grants +20 range and +1.5 degrees hip fire precision cone angle, in addition to its other effects.
Envious Assassin
Each activation is now capped at 100% of mag size instead of 150%, and maximum overflow is now 3x the mag size instead of 4x.
Bait and Switch
Reduced the damage bonus from 35% to 30%.
One-Two Punch
Now correctly deactivates after dealing damage with a powered melee attack.
Hakke Breach Armaments, Deconstruct, and Sundering now work with Void Souls, Strand Clones, Cabal Projection Shields, and Brigs.
Hakke Breach Armaments
Damage bonus vs. Stasis crystals reduced from 85% to 60% to match other constructs.
Deconstruct
Updated the perk description to correctly state that it pulls ammo from thin air, not reserves. Also updated Deconstruct to work on Fusion Rifles and weapons that deal splash damage.
Corrected an issue preventing the perk from activating on enemy constructs in Crucible.
Fixed an issue where Deconstruct would not work as expected when dealing explosive damage.
Fixed an issue where Deconstruct's ammo refund was not working correctly on Fusion Rifles.
Sundering
Can now trigger on shield break in addition to final blows on vehicles and constructs, added a small reload speed scalar and reduced charge rate benefit to account for higher uptime.
Sundering buff is no longer active while weapons are stowed.
Hatchling
Activation requirements are no longer locked to the archetype in terms of precision or non-precision kills.
Previously, a Scout Rifle could only activate the perk from a precision kill.
Now Scout Rifles can activate on a precision kill or three rapid non-precision kills.
Target Lock
Now activates later in the magazine for Submachine Guns, at 20% instead of 12.5%.
Mods

Major Spec
Fixed an issue where mini-bosses were incorrectly included in its effects.
Boss Spec
Now correctly increases damage versus mini-bosses.
Seasonal Weapon Focusing

Fixed an issue where the Wish weapons and Undying weapons engrams didn't reward a weapon if the player had already unlocked all crafting patterns for weapons contained in the engram.
Abilities
Radiant and Restoration
Fixed an issue where Restoration and Radiant buffs were being reapplied rather than having their duration extended.
Note: This also resolves similar issues with shorter Restoration sources like Sunspots.
Ember of Empyrean
Increased maximum extension duration from 12 to 15 seconds.
Reduced timer extension granted per Solar kill to compensate for drastically improved consistency.
Previously, this granted a flat timer extension, regardless of the type of target defeated.
Now, this time varies based off the target's tier, with lower time extension returns than previously for minor combatants and higher returns for Champion+ tier combatants.
Ember of Mercy
Now grants a flat 2 additional seconds to the player's active Restoration or Radiant timer, rather than refreshing its duration. This value is increased to 3 seconds with Ember of Solace equipped.
Threaded Specter
After creating a Threaded Specter, it now applies the same Dodge cooldown penalty that Ensnaring Slam applies.
Increased detonation damage vs. PvE targets by about 25%.
Ensnaring Slam
Reduced duration of Dodge cooldown penalty after performing an Ensnaring Slam in PvE activities by 50%.
Threadlings
Reduced base damage vs. players from 40 to 35 and fragment-enhanced damage from 45 to 38.5 vs. players.
Note: Unchanged vs. PvE combatants.
Fixed an issue where the Threadling destruction impulse that was looking for other Threadlings had standard falloff, so they weren't reliably popcorn detonating as intended when one Threadling was destroyed.
Fixed an issue where Threadlings were sometimes not playing their destruction performance when destroyed.
Increased aim assist target size from 0.41m to 0.5m.
Arcane Needle
Increased aim assist angle by about 50%.
Increased aim assist falloff distance from 30 to 45 meters.
Increased tracking angular velocity by about 5%.
Increased length of projectile's tracking shape.
Note: These changes result in improved tracking consistency at all ranges, with the greatest improvement felt against close- to mid-range targets.
Fixed an issue where using uncharged melees while Arcane Needle is equipped resulted in the player appearing to freeze in a melee pose.
Consecration
Increased Primary Scorch ground-follow projectile travel distance from 18 to 20 meters.
Increased height of slam ground-follow projectile detonation by about 1 meter.
Increased travel distance of slam ground-follow projectile from 16 to 20 meters.
Increased travel speed of slam ground-follow projectile (including Pyrogale's enhanced version) from 16 to 24 meters per second.
Gunpowder Gamble
Reduced maximum self-damage on detonation by 33%.
Fixed an issue where Omnioculus's melee energy return perk was unintentionally being reduced by the melee ability's chunk energy scalar. It now returns its original energy values when making allies invisible.
Fixed an issue where Flashbang Grenade was receiving less chunk ability energy from perks than intended.
Fixed an issue where Rally Barricade was receiving more chunk ability energy from perks than intended while the Bastion Aspect is equipped.
Bounties and Pursuits
Armor Synthesis Bounties have been reset.
General
Added a new text chat command called "/clear". When used, it will clear out all text chat messages on screen.
Multiplayer emotes added during Seasons of the Deep, Season of the Witch, and Season of the Wish will now properly display their chat messages when used with other players.
The Veteran's Flair transmat effect can now be acquired from Collections and equipped to ships by those players eligible to use it.
The Laser Cutter ship has had a missing engine component restored.
The Duel emote can be properly acquired from the Special Deliveries vendor in the Tower for those players who claimed its associated Prime Gaming Drop.
The General Triumphs for each ritual weapon ornament now correspond to the correct ornaments.
Players must now be present during the first phase of the activity to get the Deathless Triumph to gild the Champ Title.
Festival of the Lost quests that were not completed should be correctly cleaned up from the player's inventory.
Champions will no longer spawn in the Vanguard Ops playlist version of the PsiOps Battlegrounds.
Players are no longer awarded a second Veil Spectrometer consumable on subsequent characters after completing the pursuit.
Take out the Trash emote no longer allows players to hide in geometry.Destiny 2 Update 7.3.5
Activities
Crucible
General

Fixed an issue causing crests to bounce on water in Supremacy.
Altered the way the experimental Snake Draft lobby balancer handles fireteams.
Updated the playlist tooltips to correctly display which matchmaking style is being used for each mode.
Maps

Tuning pass over the initial spawning, Heavy ammo crate, and tiebreaker zone locations for all maps.
Map spawning quality of life pass.
Addressed spawn traps for Eternity and Fortress.
Removed all backfield spawns for non-Rift modes: The Citadel, Cathedral of Dusk, Disjunction, and Convergence.
Game Modes

Moved 3v3 Clash to the 3v3 Quickplay rotator and updated the rules:
Heavy ammo is no longer shared.
Respawn timer increased from 5 to 7 seconds.
Match timer increased to 10 minutes, score to win remains 40.
Added Collision, a new 3v3 king of the hill game mode, to Crucible Labs.
A single, larger zone will rotate between five points around the map on a timer. Capturing and controlling that rotating zone will earn a team points.
This mode will also feature test an alternative Special ammo crate system.
The Special ammo crate system will feature four shareable Special ammo crates that spawn simultaneously at the beginning of the game or round, and then on a timer afterwards.
Each control zone location (A, B, and C) will have an associated Special ammo crate, and the fourth crate will be in a neutral location.
Players who currently have Special ammo will drop Special ammo bricks upon defeat.
Iron Banner Tribute has been reworked:
Simplified objectives and scoring.
Changed the trigger for the Hunt from depositing max crests to a team score threshold.
User-experience improvements.
Decreased the distance at which crest icons can be seen.
Reworked how quickly the beacons de-spawn and rotate.
Significantly decreased the time it takes to dunk crests.
Reduced the number of turrets that spawn with the Hunt beacon from 4 to 3.
Removed the visual indicator ("wall hacks") on players carrying max crests.
Competitive

Added a third tier to the Competitive weekly challenge with a new reward of Artifice Armor.
This tier is unlocked for all players who reach rank Gold III or above each Season.
This tier requires match victories instead of completions.
Upon completion of the challenge, each victory thereafter has a chance to drop Artifice Armor, and the drop rates increase alongside a player's rank.
Drop rates are based on a player's highest rank achieved for the Season, not their current rank.
Competitive matches will also have an increased chance to drop Exotic weapon catalysts on victories.
Trials of Osiris

Updated the 50% chance to get a Trials weapon on wins to always drop the weekly weapon reward, to better allow for targeted farming of the specific weapon a player wants.
Added rewards on match completions for three-person fireteams (gated on participation).
An additional 50% chance to drop the non-Adept Trials weekly weapon reward.
A 50% chance at a Trials Engram drop.
Additional Trials reputation.
Trials Passages
Updated:
Passage of Ferocity - If a player hasn't been Flawless for the week, then losses after 3 wins will reset them back to 3 wins instead of Flawing their card.
Added:
Passage of Persistence - Losses following a win will remove the win from a player's card. Consecutive losses do not remove additional wins. Getting to 7 wins grants a drop of the weekly Adept weapon, regardless of how many losses the player has taken.
Added two weapons to the Trials of Osiris rewards rotation.
The Summoner Auto Rifle and its Adept version will be the featured Trials of Osiris weapon for the first time during the week of March 12.
The Prophet Scout Rifle and its Adept version will be the featured Trials of Osiris weapon during the week of March 19.
Iron Banner

Added two weapons to the Iron Banner rewards rotation that will be available starting April 2.
Tusk of the Boar Grenade Launcher
Multimach CCX Submachine Gun
Nightfalls
Added two weapons to the Nightfall loot pool rotation.
The Wild Style Grenade Launcher and its Adept version will be the featured Nightfall weapon for the first time during the week of March 5.
The Slammer Sword and its Adept Version will be the featured Nightfall weapon for the first time during the week of March 19.
Gambit
Fixed an issue with an incorrect Hive variant spawning.
Dungeons
Prophecy
The dungeon weapon pool has been updated. All the added and updated weapons below will also be given this new Origin Trait:
Crossing Over: These weapons have increased range and handling for the top half of the magazine, while rounds from the bottom half of the magazine deal increased damage.
Removed:
A Swift Verdict Sidearm
The Long Walk Sniper Rifle
The Last Breath Auto Rifle
Added:
These weapons will be added to the weapon pool and have received all-new perk pools and, in some cases, new damage types:
Prosecutor Auto Rifle
Primary
Precision Frame
Arc
Origin Trait: Crossing Over
Adjudicator Submachine Gun
Primary
Precision Frame
Kinetic
Origin Trait: Crossing Over
Relentless Pulse Rifle
Primary
High-impact Frame
Damage changed from Kinetic to Strand
Origin Trait: Crossing Over
Updated:
These weapons will remain in the dungeon weapon pool rotation with new perk pools and new damage types.
Judgment Hand Cannon
Primary
Adaptive Frame
Damage changed from Kinetic to Stasis
Origin Trait: Crossing Over
Darkest Before Pulse Rifle
Primary
Rapid-Fire Frame
Damage changed from Arc to Solar
Origin Trait: Crossing Over
A Sudden Death Shotgun
Special
Aggressive Frame
Damage changed from Arc to Void
Origin Trait: Crossing Over
Warlord's Ruin
The correct nameplate now appears when the boss spawns during traversal.
Fixed an issue during the Ogre encounter where killing the Wardens quickly could soft lock the player.
UI/UX
Gunsmith Engrams are now listed in the Engram wallet.
Fixed an issue where some multiplayer emotes would not display their interaction dialogue.
Accessibility
Players are now able to change the location of their reticle, regardless of platform (Center or Below Center) in the Gameplay Settings menu.
Added controller Dead Zone settings in the Controller Settings menu.
Players are now able to adjust the opacity of the radar background on the Character Settings menu.
Fireteam Finder
Fixed an issue where the Create a Listing button prompt would incorrectly say that players' listing title and tags would be reset when reselecting the same activity.
Fixed an issue where the names of players joining Fireteam Finder lobbies were not displayed in group text chat.
Improved activity selection for activities that players may not have access to yet in their progression, notifying them earlier in the selection process the requirements to have it available.
Fixed an issue where the Fireteam Finder application pop up would freeze while it was being accepted.
Fixed an issue where Listing Tags and Minimum Guardian Rank filter categories were reset after closing the filter screen.
Improved search flow by adding feedback when there are active filters applied to the View Listings page.
Fixed an issue in which search filters were not being reset when choosing another activity.
Private Match titles in Fireteam Finder lobbies now include the activity name.
Improved error messaging when players are unable to join or apply to a listing.
Fixed an issue in which stale information was being shown when reselecting activities.
Added Visual Impairment tag in the Listing Tags options.
Fixed an issue in which the tooltip on roster contacts was inconsistent displaying "Finding Fireteam" when not in Fireteam Finder.
Fixed an issue in which text would be stretched or spaced incorrectly in the Fireteam Finder text chat.
Fixed issue where the Application modal stayed open if a player was looking at it while it was accepted.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Promethium Spur: Fixed an issue where Solar weapon kills were not providing the correct amount of Rift energy, both inside and outside of the Rift.
Ballidorse Wrathweavers: Fixed an issue where this armor was providing bonus Stasis damage when using non-Stasis Supers.
Apotheosis Veil: Fixed an issue where Insatiable could be applied when casting Super with relic weapons.
Fixed an issue where the Dark Age and Wyrmguard armor sets were appearing in the Appearance screen before being earned.
Fixed an issue where the artifact mod Revitalizing Blast failed to apply weaken when using Consecration.
Crucible Sandbox
Health:
In base Crucible, increased player health by 30, from 70 to 100.
Shields will still be between 116 and 130, depending on the player's Resilience values.
Ability cooldowns:
Melee, Grenade, and class ability cooldowns now have a 15% penalty applied to them in Crucible only.
Super cooldowns now have a 20% penalty applied to them in Crucible only.
Ability damage:
Supers
Increased base Super damage by 31%.
Melee
Increased base melee damage by 16%.
Grenades
Increased Arc Flux Grenade damage by 16%.
Primary weapon damage:
Pulse Rifles, Auto Rifles, Sidearms, and Scout Rifles
Increased critical hit damage by 14%.
Hand Cannons
Increased critical hit damage by 10%.
Reduced body shot damage by 5%.
Reduced flinch dealt to players by projectile impact by 12.5% and by Explosive Payload by 10%.
Submachine Guns
Increased critical hit damage by 12.5%.
Reduced body shot damage by 3%.
Bows
Reduced base damage by 15%.
Special ammo acquisition:
All players will start every game (all game types, including round-based modes like Dominion) with two kills worth of Special ammo for their chosen weapon.
Instead of two kills worth of Special ammo being granted every time a player respawns, they will earn more ammo by filling up a Special ammo meter, with points given for getting kills, assists, or completing objectives. Getting 100 points grants two kills worth of Special ammo for their chosen weapon.
Kills from Special ammo weapons and Heavy ammo weapons do not grant any points toward Special ammo meter progress.
Jumping off the map will subtract progress from the Special ammo meter.
Ammo is not dropped on death, and players will not lose the Special ammo they earned when they are defeated or revived.
Earned Special ammo will carry over between rounds.
Swapping from double Primary weapons to a Special ammo weapon will reset the player's Special ammo meter progress.
Special weapon damage
Trace Rifles, Shotguns, and Fusion Rifles
Increased base damage by 20%.
Glaives
Increased projectile damage by 20%.
Increased melee damage by 16%.
Heavy weapon damage
Heavy Grenade Launchers
Reduced detonation damage by 5%.
Machine Guns
Increased base damage by 20%.
Exotic weapons:
Fighting Lion
Decreased damage versus players in Crucible by 20%.
Devil's Ruin
Decreased charged beam damage versus players in Crucible by 15%.
Crimson
Reduced flinch dealt to players by projectile impact by 17.5%.
Forerunner
Increased damage versus players in Crucible by 20%.
Symmetry
Increased Revolution damage versus players in Crucible by 16%.
Weapons
General

Fixed an issue where players who have unlocked a weapon pattern via Riven's Wishes and don't own the Forsaken Pack will now be able to craft that weapon.
Fixed an issue where players could swap weapons faster than intended in combination with a grenade or grapple ability.
Fixed an issue where bonus damage from the Surrounded perk would not apply to a Rocket-Assisted Frame Sidearm's detonation damage,
Weapon Archetypes

Hand Cannon
Heavy Burst
Fixed an issue where Heavy Burst Hand Cannons had 25% less aim assist than other Hand Cannons when hip firing or airborne on mouse and keyboard.
Bow
General
Reduced auto aim falloff distance start and end by 15%.
Reduced auto aim cone size by 5% at 100 Accuracy stat (unchanged at 0 stat).
Auto Rifles
Breakneck
Added the missing twelfth perk to Breakneck's second trait column.
Scout Rifles
Lightweights
Increased base damage by 5%.
Sniper Rifles
General
Reduced auto aim by 10%.
Rocket Launcher
Diversified subfamilies:
Precision: Increased reserve ammunition by 2 and reduced damage penalty from -10% to -5%.
High Impact: Increased reserve ammunition by 2 and now deals more area-of-effect damage and less impact, for roughly the same total damage.
The above two changes also affect Deathbringer, Gjallarhorn, and Truth.
Heavy Grenade Launcher
Increased reserve ammunition by 6 rounds at 0 inventory stat and by 10 rounds at 100 inventory stat.
Reduced Spike Grenade's impact damage buff from 50% to 12.5%. With the below changes, this reduces the total Spike Grenades damage buff from about 8% to ~3%, making them less mandatory.
Increased direct hit impact damage by 10%.
Increased detonation damage by 5%. (This is offset by a 5% reduction to detonation damage in PvP.)
Increased Heavy Wave Grenade Launcher damage by 20%.
Increased Heavy Wave Grenade Launcher wave width by 40%.
Sword
Caster Swords
Reduced Heavy attack energy cost from 5 to 4.
Increased Heavy attack damage by 16%.
Exotics

Vigilance Wing
Now has a deterministic recoil pattern.
Vex Mythoclast
Increased aiming down sights (ADS) damage falloff scalar from 1.5x to 1.7x.
Wish-Ender
True Sight will now deactivate if the player leaves ADS or holds it for longer than 3 seconds. To reactivate, fully redraw the bow.
Edge of Action
Added damage resistance against combatants in PvE.
Resists 85% against all combatants except bosses and 15% against bosses.
Manticore
Must now be airborne for 0.5 seconds and deal damage with the weapon to activate the perk. (This prevents accidental activation while running down stairs or doing small jumps.)
Special reload to disengage antigrav thrusters.
While antigrav thrusters are engaged, combatants will be less accurate when targeting the player.
Catalyst: Final blows and sustained damage with this weapon while airborne grant a Void overshield and return ammo to the magazine.
Ex Diris
Increased impact damage vs PvE enemies by 50%.
Increased maximum rate of fire by 16%.
Conditional Finality
Fixed an issue where the Freeze and Ignition effects could sometimes be applied at extremely long distances.
Outbreak Perfected
Fixed a flashing photosensitivity issue when firing the weapon.
Perks

Heal Clip
Now grants cure x2 to the player (still grants cure x1 to nearby allies).
Trench Barrel
Can now be activated by dealing damage with ranged melee attacks.
Barrel Constrictor
No longer deactivates upon firing a shot and lasts for 7.5 seconds (enhanced 8.5 seconds).
Loose Change
Applying an elemental debuff now increases aim assist and ADS movement speed, in addition to reload speed.
Dual Loader
Removed the reload speed penalty.
Tex Balanced Stock
Now grants +20 range and +1.5 degrees hip fire precision cone angle, in addition to its other effects.
Envious Assassin
Each activation is now capped at 100% of mag size instead of 150%, and maximum overflow is now 3x the mag size instead of 4x.
Bait and Switch
Reduced the damage bonus from 35% to 30%.
One-Two Punch
Now correctly deactivates after dealing damage with a powered melee attack.
Hakke Breach Armaments, Deconstruct, and Sundering now work with Void Souls, Strand Clones, Cabal Projection Shields, and Brigs.
Hakke Breach Armaments
Damage bonus vs. Stasis crystals reduced from 85% to 60% to match other constructs.
Deconstruct
Updated the perk description to correctly state that it pulls ammo from thin air, not reserves. Also updated Deconstruct to work on Fusion Rifles and weapons that deal splash damage.
Corrected an issue preventing the perk from activating on enemy constructs in Crucible.
Fixed an issue where Deconstruct would not work as expected when dealing explosive damage.
Fixed an issue where Deconstruct's ammo refund was not working correctly on Fusion Rifles.
Sundering
Can now trigger on shield break in addition to final blows on vehicles and constructs, added a small reload speed scalar and reduced charge rate benefit to account for higher uptime.
Sundering buff is no longer active while weapons are stowed.
Hatchling
Activation requirements are no longer locked to the archetype in terms of precision or non-precision kills.
Previously, a Scout Rifle could only activate the perk from a precision kill.
Now Scout Rifles can activate on a precision kill or three rapid non-precision kills.
Target Lock
Now activates later in the magazine for Submachine Guns, at 20% instead of 12.5%.
Mods

Major Spec
Fixed an issue where mini-bosses were incorrectly included in its effects.
Boss Spec
Now correctly increases damage versus mini-bosses.
Seasonal Weapon Focusing

Fixed an issue where the Wish weapons and Undying weapons engrams didn't reward a weapon if the player had already unlocked all crafting patterns for weapons contained in the engram.
Abilities
Radiant and Restoration
Fixed an issue where Restoration and Radiant buffs were being reapplied rather than having their duration extended.
Note: This also resolves similar issues with shorter Restoration sources like Sunspots.
Ember of Empyrean
Increased maximum extension duration from 12 to 15 seconds.
Reduced timer extension granted per Solar kill to compensate for drastically improved consistency.
Previously, this granted a flat timer extension, regardless of the type of target defeated.
Now, this time varies based off the target's tier, with lower time extension returns than previously for minor combatants and higher returns for Champion+ tier combatants.
Ember of Mercy
Now grants a flat 2 additional seconds to the player's active Restoration or Radiant timer, rather than refreshing its duration. This value is increased to 3 seconds with Ember of Solace equipped.
Threaded Specter
After creating a Threaded Specter, it now applies the same Dodge cooldown penalty that Ensnaring Slam applies.
Increased detonation damage vs. PvE targets by about 25%.
Ensnaring Slam
Reduced duration of Dodge cooldown penalty after performing an Ensnaring Slam in PvE activities by 50%.
Threadlings
Reduced base damage vs. players from 40 to 35 and fragment-enhanced damage from 45 to 38.5 vs. players.
Note: Unchanged vs. PvE combatants.
Fixed an issue where the Threadling destruction impulse that was looking for other Threadlings had standard falloff, so they weren't reliably popcorn detonating as intended when one Threadling was destroyed.
Fixed an issue where Threadlings were sometimes not playing their destruction performance when destroyed.
Increased aim assist target size from 0.41m to 0.5m.
Arcane Needle
Increased aim assist angle by about 50%.
Increased aim assist falloff distance from 30 to 45 meters.
Increased tracking angular velocity by about 5%.
Increased length of projectile's tracking shape.
Note: These changes result in improved tracking consistency at all ranges, with the greatest improvement felt against close- to mid-range targets.
Fixed an issue where using uncharged melees while Arcane Needle is equipped resulted in the player appearing to freeze in a melee pose.
Consecration
Increased Primary Scorch ground-follow projectile travel distance from 18 to 20 meters.
Increased height of slam ground-follow projectile detonation by about 1 meter.
Increased travel distance of slam ground-follow projectile from 16 to 20 meters.
Increased travel speed of slam ground-follow projectile (including Pyrogale's enhanced version) from 16 to 24 meters per second.
Gunpowder Gamble
Reduced maximum self-damage on detonation by 33%.
Fixed an issue where Omnioculus's melee energy return perk was unintentionally being reduced by the melee ability's chunk energy scalar. It now returns its original energy values when making allies invisible.
Fixed an issue where Flashbang Grenade was receiving less chunk ability energy from perks than intended.
Fixed an issue where Rally Barricade was receiving more chunk ability energy from perks than intended while the Bastion Aspect is equipped.
Bounties and Pursuits
Armor Synthesis Bounties have been reset.
General
Added a new text chat command called "/clear". When used, it will clear out all text chat messages on screen.
Multiplayer emotes added during Seasons of the Deep, Season of the Witch, and Season of the Wish will now properly display their chat messages when used with other players.
The Veteran's Flair transmat effect can now be acquired from Collections and equipped to ships by those players eligible to use it.
The Laser Cutter ship has had a missing engine component restored.
The Duel emote can be properly acquired from the Special Deliveries vendor in the Tower for those players who claimed its associated Prime Gaming Drop.
The General Triumphs for each ritual weapon ornament now correspond to the correct ornaments.
Players must now be present during the first phase of the activity to get the Deathless Triumph to gild the Champ Title.
Festival of the Lost quests that were not completed should be correctly cleaned up from the player's inventory.
Champions will no longer spawn in the Vanguard Ops playlist version of the PsiOps Battlegrounds.
Players are no longer awarded a second Veil Spectrometer consumable on subsequent characters after completing the pursuit.
Take out the Trash emote no longer allows players to hide in geometry.
Destiny 2 Update 7.3.4.2
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Players can now reacquire the Chivalric Fire Legendary Sword from Collections.
Another fix will be implemented in Update 7.3.5, so this weapon can be pulled from Collections fully Masterworked.
Abilities
Stormcaller Warlock

Fixed an issue where the Ball Lightning melee projectile could fail to spawn when activated immediately after canceling a slide.
General
Adjusted requirements for Riven's Wishes.
Fixed an issue where Exotic armor pieces available as Riven's Wishes rewards would show their base stats from Collections.
Fixed an issue where the Supernova Sprint Triumph would not unlock for players that complete the Starcrossed Exotic mission in less than 20 minutes.

Destiny 2 Update 7.3.4.1
Seasonal Activities
General

Reduced the completion criteria for the Rolled Stats Seasonal Triumph.
The Coil

Increased the Wishing Glass Shards drop rate from enemies defeated in The Coil.
Starcrossed (Exotic Mission)

Fixed an issue where players could damage the boss through the glass wall of the arena.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Fixed an issue where Blast Radius would grant Armor Charge on non-enemy takedowns.
Weapons
Fixed issue so rear-loading Rocket Launchers now correctly appear on Inspection Screens.
Fixed an issue where newly acquired Dreaming City weapons were not progressing the Dreaming City badge.
General
Resolved an issue where Twitch bounties may erroneously indicate that a reward can be claimed when none is available.

Destiny 2 Update 7.3.4.1
Seasonal Activities
General

Reduced the completion criteria for the Rolled Stats Seasonal Triumph.
The Coil

Increased the Wishing Glass Shards drop rate from enemies defeated in The Coil.
Starcrossed (Exotic Mission)

Fixed an issue where players could damage the boss through the glass wall of the arena.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Fixed an issue where Blast Radius would grant Armor Charge on non-enemy takedowns.
Weapons
Fixed issue so rear-loading Rocket Launchers now correctly appear on Inspection Screens.
Fixed an issue where newly acquired Dreaming City weapons were not progressing the Dreaming City badge.
General
Resolved an issue where Twitch bounties may erroneously indicate that a reward can be claimed when none is available.



Destiny 2 Update 7.3.0.6
Activities
Crucible
Competitive

Intro quest Ascending the Divisions has been removed.
Trials of Osiris

Fixed an issue where the quitter penalty was not working in Trials of Osiris Labs.
Iron Banner

Control is now a selectable mode while other modes are featured.
Fixed an issue where Eruption was missing voice over lines.
Seasonal Activities
General

Spike traps are now slightly more forgiving when jumping over them.
Fixed an issue where the final radio message of the Season didn't complete the Ahamkara Tales Triumph.
Fixed an issue where the Rolled Stats Triumph didn't take Tier-1 purchases into consideration.
Riven's Lair

Fixed an issue where Vex detain missiles tracked enemies instead of players.
The Coil

Fixed an issue where dialogs not considering the player's current progression in the Seasonal narrative would play.
Fixed an issue where 100.000 points challenge did not reset weekly.
Fixed an issue where the Strand Enhancement buff was giving the Stasis Enhancement buff instead.
Starcrossed

Fixed an issue where players could damage the boss from outside the arena.
Fixed an issue where players could get trapped below the floor.
Raids and Dungeons
Warlord's Ruin

Fixed an issue where players could get trapped in a death loop inside the hidden room before the final encounter.
Reverted the right-side Warlord totem fix from Update 7.3.0.5 that was causing more totem spawning issues.
A new fix is being investigated for a future update.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Peregrine Greaves no longer deals additional bonus damage to boss level Tormentor's like Nezarec.
Artifact
Fixed an issue preventing some versions of Artifacts from previous Seasons from being correctly cleared from player inventories.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where Enhanced Deconstruct incorrectly displayed the Attrition Orb perk.
Fixed an issue where the Enhanced Adept Word of Crota Hand Cannon could incorrectly gain certain magazine perks.
Invalid magazines will be removed and replaced with valid magazine options.
Fixed an issue where the Seasonal Bow Lethophobia was missing a Bow charge meter.
Fixed an issue where the Precision Instrument perk would not grant its damage bonus against Divinity cages.
General
The Friendly Feet Dance emote will now show expected prompts for its standard and multiplayer interactions.
Fixed an issue where some returning players were unable to use Fireteam Finder even above Guardian Rank 5.
Fixed an issue where the Dawning Triumph for the Reveler title couldn't be completed.





Destiny 2 Update 7.3.0.5
Activities
Crucible
Playlists
As of this week, Checkmate has been moved back to the Labs node for continued iteration with the updated tuning detailed below. Next week will feature 3v3 Clash, which has been modified to reflect a fan favorite from the original Destiny, Skirmish, so revives are enabled. We will run one more Checkmate Trials Lab later this season (on February 9) with the new tuning, but Checkmate is not currently planned to be in the Control node again.
Next Iron Banner, there will be an unmodified mode (e.g., Clash, Zone Control, or Supremacy as opposed to Scorched, Momentum, or Mayhem) in the 6v6 Quickplay node, so that those who do not wish to participate in Iron Banner can still find the standard Destiny 6v6 PvP to play.
Miscellaneous
The double rewards icon is now correctly appearing on playlists in Crucible Labs.
Fixed an issue where players were able to summon Sparrows during Showdown matches in 3v3 Quickplay.
Countdown Rush
PvP Strike Team Note: At the end of January, well have a larger update aimed at addressing the community feedback on Countdown Rush as a Competitive game mode, including reducing Heavy ammo frequency, updating Sudden Death rules, spawn tuning, and reducing the advantage the attacking team has in the mode.
Fixed an issue where a player could be forcibly respawned while a teammate was reviving them.
Fixed an issue where a players Ghost would spawn too close to the charge, preventing interaction.
Citadel and Multiplex maps should no longer be appearing in the Competitive playlist for the Countdown Rush game mode.
Sparrow Control
Brought back a special medal that can only be earned in this game mode.
Some larger maps have an increased frequency of appearing in the upcoming Sparrow Control playlist to provide more room for vroom.
Checkmate
PvP Strike Team Note: We have been listening to your feedback on Checkmate and have made a substantial overhaul to the mode to address these pain points.
Abilities
PvP Strike Team Note: Threaded Specter uptime and Threadling strength versus players will be tuned individually in a future global patch later this season.
Reduced melee, grenade, and class ability penalties from 30% to 15%, Super penalties remain at 20%.
Increased melee damage by 16%.
Special Ammo Acquisition
Set up modes like Control and Clash to start the game with 2 kills worth of Special ammo.
Respawning after death does not grant additional ammo, which must be earned.
For now, round-based modes will still start with no Special ammo.
All Ammo Transmats will now grant 2 kills worth of Special ammo.
Being revived no longer removes earned special ammo.
Base Checkmate ammo point reward changes:
Assist rewards increased from 7 to 10 points.
Death rewards increased from 5 to 10 points.
Zone capture rewards decreased from 20 to 14 points.
Heavy pull rewards decreased from 10 to 8 points.
Weapon Balance
PvP Strike Team Note: With these changes, all Primary weapons will join Hand Cannons in having the same optimal Time-to-Kill (TTK) as they do in the base sandbox. For background info, player health is increased by 30 HP in Checkmate, so players have 100 health and between 116 and 130 shield, depending on Resilience values.
Hand Cannons
Note: It is a known issue that Adaptive Hand Cannons with Explosive Payload are resiliency gated for killing in 3 Critical Hits. This is not an intended change and will be corrected in the future.
Body shot damage scalar increased from -10% to -5%.
Critical hit damage scalar will remain at +10%.
Submachine Guns
Body shot damage scalar decreased from 0% to -3%.
Critical hit damage scalar increased from 0% to 12.5%.
Sidearms
Body shot damage scalar increased from -5% to 0%.
Critical hit damage scalar increased from -5% to 14%.
Auto Rifles
Body shot damage scalar decreased from 2% to 0%.
Critical hit damage scalar increased from 2% to 14%.
Pulse Rifles
Body shot damage scalar decreased from 4% to 0%.
Critical hit damage scalar increased from 4% to 14%.
Scout Rifles
Body shot damage scalar increased from -9% to 0%.
Critical hit damage scalar increased from -9% to 14%.
Trace Rifles
Increased base damage by 20%.
Glaives
Increased projectile damage by 20%.
Increased melee damage by 16%.
Machine Guns
Increased base damage by 20%.
Game Mode Rules
Checkmate 3v3 Dominion
Ammo point reward changes:
Kill rewards decreased from 34 to 22 points.
Assist rewards increased from 10 to 16 points.
Death rewards increased from 10 to 16 points.
Checkmate 3v3 Countdown Rush
Score to win decreased from 5 to 4.
Round time decreased from 90 seconds to 75 seconds.
Ammo point reward changes:
Kill rewards decreased from 20 to 14.
Assist rewards increased from 10 to 12.
Death rewards increased from 5 to 11.
Checkmate 3v3 Clash
Score to win: 40.
Time 8 minutes.
Ammo point rewards:
14 for kills.
12 for assists.
11 for deaths.
Root of Nightmares Raid
Adept weapons now drop using Knockout logic.
Once every drop is unlocked, the drop becomes random.
Warlords Ruin Dungeon
Fixed an issue during the second encounter where the right-side Warlord would sometimes not summon a totem after doing the animation.
Fixed an issue where players would spawn far behind their fireteam during the summit climb.
Fixed an issue during the final encounter where players could get out of the last stand arena.
Fixed an issue where the Withstand the Siege, O Vengeance Mine (Master difficulty completion), She Stood Alone, and O Vengeance Mine (solo completion) Triumphs gave the wrong rewards.
The correct rewards will be awarded retroactively to players who unlocked these Triumphs.
Ghosts of the Deep Dungeon
Fixed an issue where players were not awarded the weekly pinnacle reward upon Master difficulty dungeon completion.
Seasonal Activities
Togetherness will no longer appear as an activity modifier in The Coil.
Fixed an issue in The Coil where a very loud sound would play when exiting the Riven vendor menu.
Fixed an issue where the same dialog would play twice at the beginning of Riven's Lair.
Fixed an issue where some dialogs would not play until the end and overlap during Riven's Lair.
Fixed an issue where players were being removed for inactivity while waiting for a revive for more than 3 minutes.
Fixed an issue where the Scorching Wish perk paired with Well of Radiance could result in a game crash.
Fixed an issue where the Seasonal Exotic catalyst quest was not progressing in Seasonal activities.
Fixed an issue where the Veiled Threats mission was missing its description.
PsiOps Battlegrounds
Fixed an issue where no Glimmer or Loot rewards were given when completing the PsiOps Battlegrounds in the Vanguard Ops playlist.
Fixed an issue where players would sometimes be blocked from completing PsiOps Battlegrounds: Cosmodrome after wiping in the first Darkness Zone.
UI/UX
Reverted a fix that prevented fireteam leaders from unintentionally accessing their Vault in activities.
Access to the Vault outside of orbit was unintended but will be made available for all who want to use it until a fully polished version is made available in the future.
Fixed an issue where the Ascendancy Rocket Launcher didn't appear in the preview screen of the Legacy Gear menu.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Peacekeepers
Reduced Handling, Mobility, and ADS Movement Speed buffs by 50%.
Fixed an issue where Hexer Robes were not properly animating on female Warlock characters.
Weapons
Thorn
Thorn Catalyst
Changed stats from +20 Range and +10 Stability to +15 Range, +5 Stability, and +5 Airborne Effectiveness.
Stay Frosty
Stay Frosty's muzzle flash is no longer too large and is a more appropriate size.
Fixed an issue where Legendary Shotguns were retaining radar while aiming down sights.
Fixed an issue where Trace Rifles would have a too large of a muzzle flash.
Bounties and Pursuits
Fixed an issue where An Old Flame quest for the Dragons Breath Catalyst would not progress during the Seasonal activity.
Reduced the drop rate of Gunsmith engrams from Awoken faction chests on the Dreaming City.
Fixed an issue where the Season 20 Exotic Ship Brazen Spark could not be acquired, blocking the Seasonal quest line.
It can now be obtained by interacting with the Amanda Holliday statue.
Triumphs
Fixed an issue where the objectives for the Ahamkara Tales and Bonus Action Triumphs were missing in the Japanese game client.
Localization
Fixed an issue where the title of the reward for the Warlords Ruin dungeon completion was too long and is overlapped by another reward (an emblem) for one of the Triumphs.
Fixed an issue where some placeholder strings in Collections were replaced with proper names.
Fireteam Finder
Fixed an issue where the Nightfall activity selection was unavailable on weeks when Battlegrounds were the featured Nightfall.
Fixed an issue where checkpoints were not respected for activities, once summoned via Fireteam Finder.

Destiny 2 Update 7.3.0.4
UI/UX
Fixed an issue where the Event Card was showing the incorrect remaining time for the Dawning event.


Destiny 2 Update 7.3.0.3
Activities
Dungeon - Warlord's Ruin
Fixed an issue where Master and Solo Flawless Triumphs were giving the wrong rewards.
Riven's Lair
Fixed an issue where players on the Polysemy activity step can't launch or join the activity with players that have already completed it.
Fixed an issue where some chests cannot be opened at the end of the activity if players open an armor or weapon chest before the wish room, which can prevent Triumphs from being completed.
H.E.L.M.
Fixed an issue where some spaces were visible outside the front H.E.L.M. windows.
Blind Well
Fixed an issue where the Offering to the Oracle could not be turned in at the Oracle Engine.
Crucible
Fixed an issue where the Belisarius-D was not awarded upon completing Crucible competitive placement challenge.
Fixed an issue where the Dragon's Bite artifact perk was unintentionally working in PvP.
Updated the target score in Countdown Rush to 4.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Equipping multiple copies of the armor mods Heavy Handed, Firepower, and Reaper now decreases their Orb creation cooldown.
1 copy: 10 second cooldown.
2 copies: 5 second cooldown.
3 copies: 1 second cooldown.
Fixed an issue where the Dragon's Bite artifact perk was triggering off of player shield breaks in the Crucible.
Fixed an issue causing the Wish Into Being artifact perk to trigger when the player's Super energy was full. Fixed an issue that caused the perk to also be triggered by unpowered melee attacks and destroying Stasis crystals.
Fixed an issue where the Calamity Rig Vest costs Legendary Shards instead of Glimmer.
Artifact Mods
Fixed an issue where Wish Into Being is triggering when Super is full, off unpowered melees, and off Stasis crystal destruction.
Legacy Gear Focusing
Reduced the cost of Legacy Decoding at ritual vendors
Crucible, Gambit, and Vanguard Ops gear now cost 3 Ritual Engrams each.
Nightfall weapons that have not been previously acquired will cost 5 Vanguard Engrams.
Nightfall weapons that have been previously acquired will cost 3 Vanguard Engrams.
UX/UI
Fireteam Finder
Fixed an issue where browsing through Fireteam Finder listings can lead to a game crash
Checkpoints are not respected for activities once summoned via Fireteam Finder.
General
Fixed an issue where The City A Wish Built Week-1 challenge is not giving proper progression.


Destiny 2 Update 7.3.0.2
Activities
Crucible
Fixed an issue where the Dragon's Bite Artifact was unintentionally working in PvP.
Seasonal Activities
Fixed an issue where loot was not dropping for all players at the end of Riven's Lair playlist activities.
Players need to interact with the chest at the end to earn their rewards.
Warlord's Ruin
Fixed an issue where Destiny 2 would crash when returning to Orbit from the Dungeon.
Blind Well / Dreaming City
Updated Blind Well Rewards to have a better chance at dropping Dreaming City Weapons.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Fixed an issue where the new Undercurrent Legendary Grenade Launcher showed an incorrect perk in Collections.
Abilities
Fixed an issue where Devour was not restoring health while the player was in an active Super.
Rewards
Fixed an issue where some Ghost mods were missing their icon.

Destiny 2 Update 7.3.0.1
Activities
Crucible

Fixed an issue that was causing delayed sound effects when depositing crests at a high-value beacon.
Fixed an issue where the score to win value was incorrect.
Fixed an issue where players were unable to revive themselves during revive enabled modes.
Tower

Fixed an issue that caused players to spawn outside of the playable area in the Tower Hangar, preventing access to the rest of the Tower.
Fixed an issue where inspecting items in the Eververse store could cause the game to crash.
Crota's End

Fixed an issue where players were unable to complete the All for One challenge.
Riven's Lair

Fixed an issue where only the first player to interact with end rewards chest was receiving loot.
Fixed an issue where the encounter would not properly progress after dispatching Wardweavers.
General

Fixed a rare issue where transferring between areas could cause the game to crash.
UI/UX
General

Fixed an issue where player help messages were not properly displaying in the New Light introduction.
Fireteam Finder

Fixed an issue where player details were not displaying while in the waiting room.
Fixed an issue where emojis were not working properly on consoles.
Fixed an issue where Listing Details and Leader Info did not appear in search.
Fixed an issue were Fireteam Finder was showing as active for players that did not have PlayStation Plus.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor

Fixed an issue where using Arc, Kinetic, or Strand Weapon Surge armor mods would occasionally cause errors.
Weapons

Fixed an issue where Monte Carlo was not granting a full melee charge on its Monte Carlo Method activation when the player had certain melee abilities equipped.
Fixed an issue where the descriptions of Deconstruct and enhanced Deconstruct had missing information between the two.
Abilities

Fixed an issue where fully charged Nova Warp attacks could cause some moving objects to stop working.
Guardian Ranks

Fixed an issue where the points awarded for non-Seasonal objectives and the points shown in the progress bar were inconsistent for Guardian Rank 8.
General
Fixed an issue where throwing a Strand Tangle at specific Oracles could cause the game to crash.
Fixed an issue where viewing player details with invalid characters could cause the game to crash.

Destiny 2 Update 7.3.0
Activities
Ritual Playlists
Rewards for all ritual activities have been updated.
Base Glimmer award has increased.
Added a reward chance for Enhancement Cores.
Glimmer and Enhancement Core awards and chances increase if:
You win a Gambit match.
You win a Competitive Division match.
You obtain a high score in a strike or Nightfall.
Crucible
General

Crucible Director screen has been updated.
Implemented a double rewards booster for Crucible.
Citadel map is back. Crucible matches make a return to the Dreaming City.
Sparrow Control mode has been added to Crucible.
Adjusted spawn points on Endless Vale, Midtown, and Meltdown maps to alleviate certain spawn killing and trapping issues.
Fixed an issue with Elimination's icon on the Director screen when it appears as a rotating mode.
Fixed an issue where attempting to revive a fireteam member can be interrupted by their respawn timer running out.
Competitive Division

Removed Promotion and Relegation Series from all divisions except Adept and Ascendant.
Fixed an issue with Competitive Division where players were directed to complete placement matches twice.
Competitive playlist now only has Survival and Countdown Rush as featured modes.
Revised mode rules
Survival
Increased respawn count from 4 to 6.
Countdown Rush
Decreased score to win from 6 to 5.
Decreased round time from 120 seconds to 90 seconds.
Decreased Heavy ammo spawn time from 90 seconds to 60 seconds.
Enabled unlimited respawns and revives.
If the final round starts at 4-4, Elimination ruleset is enabled. This will show up as Sudden Death.
Competitive Division rating adjustments revised. 
Rank adjustment prioritizes wins and losses and ignores inflation protection.
Iron Banner

One and Done Triumph now requires 8 challenge completions to align with the 2 separate challenges.
Iron Banner Eruption:
Fixed an issue where some Eruption dialogue lines would play simultaneously.
Medals

Added medals for Strand Supers.
You can now earn a Crucible medal for eliminating with Sparrows.
Crucible Labs

Added Checkmate Dominion to Crucible Labs.
Added Checkmate Countdown Rush and Checkmate Clash to Crucible Labs.
Ability cooldown penalty modifier decreased from 50% to 30%.
Cooldowns should remain similar in combination with the Season of the Wish abilities tuning.
Countdown

Updated round victory banner for defenders to display Defense Successful instead of Attack Failed.
Added Countdown Rush as a Competitive Crucible mode.
Countdown Rush
Fixed an issue where music would cease to play after the first bomb has been detonated.
Countdown Rush
Fixed an issue where sudden death would incorrectly begin.
Checkmate Countdown
Updated score to win to 5.
Trials of Osiris

Added a weekly reward that is granted for the number of wins in a row you get before your card is flawed. Getting a longer win streak grants the rewards of all the tiers below it, if they have not already been earned.
3 wins - Trials Armor
4 wins - 5 Enhancement Cores
5 wins - Trials weapon
6 wins - 3 Enhancement Prisms
Relic

Gameplay
Mode
Initial order of relics given out is now randomized per match.
Added temporary overshield when picking up a relic from the Relic Depot.
Maximum number of Relic Depots decreased from 4 to 3.
Added new voiced lines.
Players will tend to spawn near teammate relic holders.
Score to win increased from 150 to 175.
Relics
Shield
Angular velocity on Super's projectile tuned down from 43 to 30.
Multiplier on damage tuned from 0.3 to 0.75.
Increased Shield Super regen time from 3% per second to 5% per second.
Decreased Shield bubble regen time from 15 seconds to 10 seconds and increased full uptime from 7 seconds to 10 seconds.
Spear
Spear ammo tuned up from 21 to 33.
Scythe
Decreased Scythe ammo from 45 to 38.
Relic Charge
Passive relic charge increased from 1% every 5 seconds to 2% every 5 seconds.
Increased relic charge gain from player loadout kills, and the player who dealt the final blow gets an additional charge. 
All damage participant players receive 10%.
The player who dealt the final blow gets an additional 15%.
Removed teammates gaining relic charge from Relic Depot interactions.
UI
Relic waypoints blink when they're low on ammo.
Relic waypoints will no longer show if it's not in your field of view.
New scoreboard stats added.
Bug Fixes
Fixed persisting arrow waypoint over respawning Relic Depots.
Fixed duplicate "relic energy charged" incident announcements.
Strikes
Lake of Shadows

Fixed a map issue that allowed players to skip the dam section and jump directly into the boss arena.
Adjusted the number of Champions on Hero and Legend difficulties and resolved an issue where certain Champions were not counting correctly toward score.
Warden of Nothing

Fixed an issue where players could become soft locked at the treasure room.
Lost Sectors
Hydroponics 

Fixed an issue where players would not be returned to orbit when failing the activity on Legend or Master difficulty.
Fixed an issue where the Lost Sector had an unusually long respawn timer on open-world difficulty.
Deep Dives
Fixed an issue where players who join in progress during the boss fight will spawn inside the room but then teleport back up and into the water tube.
Asha's Empowerment buff now has a proper icon.
Fixed an issue where players who joined during a buff selection phase would not be able to select the buffs.
Raids
Crota's End

Fixed an issue with players losing enlightenment when attempting to pick up a sword while performing a finisher.
Fixed an issue where some player abilities could go through Hive barriers.
Last Wish

Fixed an issue in the finale of Queen's Walk, after depositing the heart, where VFX would appear in the incorrect location.
Fixed an issue that was causing Vault of Glass Oracle sound effects to play.
UI/UX
Seasonal Challenges

Fixed an issue where Seasonal Challenges from previous Seasons were not automatically untracked and couldn't be manually untracked.
Fixed an issue where bonus challenges counted toward the completion count for Seasonal Challenges.
Guardian Ranks

Fixed the background tree in the drawer so that it shows up on various states.
Fixed body text in the drawer so it would display italicized.
Added a visual element to help track Guardian Rank progress on the Journey Screen and Guardian Rank details screen.
Fixed an issue where, when first navigating to the Journey screen, the Guardian rank button starts off wide and then snaps to its correct size.
Fixed an issue where defeating another Guardian in Crucible would show the winning Guardian's rank incorrectly on their emblem.
Made a change in the Guardian Ranks' notification when renewing ranks.
It will now look different from the notification to when you earn another rank.
Director

Fixed an issue where Milestone icons were not appearing on the H.E.L.M.'s Director node.
Localization

Fixed an issue where the keyboard layout for Brazilian Portuguese was not working properly.
General

Fixed an issue where the Gear Stats button in Collections in the Mods category was displaying incorrectly. 
Button is not displayed anymore, as it is not contextually accurate.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Exotic Armor

Aeon Swift, Aeon Safe, and Aeon Soul
Sect of Force
Rapid precision hits provide quicker reload and weapon swap speeds, and the bonus now lasts for 10 seconds (up from 6).
No longer grants bonus melee, grenade, or Super energy on stunning a Champion or defeating a boss or miniboss. Instead, stunning a Champion or rapid precision hits against Champions, elites, or minibosses will mark them for your allies.
Allies deal +20% more damage to marked targets.
When a target is first marked, nearby Aeon Cult allies who do not have the Sect of Force role equipped gain grenade and melee energy.
Sect of Insight
Nearby Aeon Cult allies who do not have the Sect of Insight role equipped no longer gain a bonus to weapon damage for a short time. Instead, they gain a burst of Super energy.
Sect of Vigor
Now provides damage resistance against combatants when an ally dies or is resurrected, in addition to the existing class ability energy.
When you cast your Super, nearby allies no longer gain an instant burst of healing or an Overshield. Instead, nearby critically wounded allies gain damage resistance from combatants as long as they stay near you. Nearby Aeon Cult allies who do not have the Sect of Vigor role equipped will also recover class ability energy more quickly.
Hunter
Shards of Galanor
Throwing Knife kills now grant Super energy ranging between +2.5% and +5%, depending on the type of combatant killed.
Ophidia Spathe
Knife kills now grant a stacking damage bonus to throwing knives.
Stacks up to 3 times for 5 seconds: 30%, 60%, 100%.
Dodging refreshes the timer.
St0mp-EE5
Removed previously added requirement to have full class ability energy to benefit from the movement bonuses.
Reduced the airborne lateral acceleration bonus.
Now provides damage resistance against combatants while airborne.
Mechaneer's Tricksleeves
The Sidearm damage bonus now persists for 5 seconds after your shields begin to recharge.
Sidearm kills extend the damage bonus' duration by 3 seconds and completely reload your Sidearm from reserves.
The damage bonus has been reduced in PvP to compensate for it lasting longer. It is now +10% Sidearm damage (down from +35%).
The Bombardiers
Now applies 20 slow stacks to enemy players and 40 slow stacks to PvE combatants.
Triton Vice
Increased Glaive melee damage bonus while surrounded to +100% for both PvE and PvP (up from +30% in PvE and +10% in PvP).
Celestial Nighthawk
Precision kills now grant Super energy ranging between +1.5% and +4.5%, depending on target type killed.
Increased Golden Gun impact damage by 25%.
Titan
Precious Scars
Kills with weapons matching your subclass now apply restoration Tier 1 for 1.5 seconds in PvP and 3 seconds in PvE.
Severance Enclosure
Increased size and damage of the explosion.
Kills with this Exotic's explosion will now trigger an additional explosion.
Peregrine Greaves
You now have to be airborne for a brief time before the Exotic effects will apply.
Damaging Champions, Tormentors, or minibosses with a Shoulder Charge deals further increased damage and refunds your melee energy.
Wormgod Caress
The Burning Fist Exotic effect has been reworked. It is now a meter that increases on melee kills and finishers and decays over time.
The meter decays more quickly the more full it is.
The meter is broken up into 5 sections which provide escalating melee and Glaive melee damage bonuses. The upper end of the meter also provides escalating weapon damage bonuses.
Ashen Wake
Fusion Grenade impacts now stun Unstoppable Champions.
Synthoceps
Removed extended melee lunge distance.
Increased Glaive melee bonus to +100% (from +50%).
Reduced the PvE surrounded melee damage bonus to +165% (from +200%).
Now improves weapon handling and reload speed while surrounded.
Warlock
Ballidorse Wrathweavers
Now when you cast a Frostpulse rift nearby allies gain a Tier 2 Stasis Surge weapon bonus for 10 seconds in PvE and 5 seconds in PvP. They also gain a 50hp overshield.
The Stasis damage bonus provided to allies by the Winter's Wrath Shockwave is now the Tier 4 Stasis Surge weapon bonus.
When Winter's Wrath ends, you now gain the Tier 4 Stasis Surge weapon bonus.
Apotheosis Veil
Casting your Super now grants Cure Tier 3 for you and nearby allies.
After your Super ends you now temporarily gain greatly increased melee and grenade regen for 8 seconds.
Felwinter's Helm
Moved the size of the weakening burst and duration of Weaken up one tier against all targets, except for finishers against bosses, which retains the maximum size and duration.
Karnstein Armlets
Melee kills now grant Cure Tier 3 and restoration Tier 1 for 8 seconds.
Finishers now grant Cure Tier 3 and restoration Tier 2 for 8 seconds.
Armor Mods

Heavy Handed, Firepower, and Reaper 
Added a 10-second cooldown for generating Orbs of Power.
Reaper now requires a kill be secured within 10 seconds of using your class ability to generate an Orb of Power.
Melee Kickstart, Grenade Kickstart, and Utility Kickstart
Now only refund ability energy if the player has at least a single armor charge.
They now provide between +16% and +45% ability energy (down from +17% and +50% respectively) based on how many stacks of the mod are equipped as well as how many armor charges they consume.
Momentum Transfer, Bolstering Detonation, Impact Induction, and Focusing Strike 
Now provide 12%/17%/20% ability energy for 1/2/3 stacks respectively (down from 20%/25%/25%).
Impact Induction and Focusing Strike now require a powered melee attack to function.
Outreach and Bomber 
Now provides 12%/17%/20% ability energy for 1/2/3 stacks respectively.
The energy gained is further reduced based on the cooldown of the class ability used, with the shortest cooldowns reducing it by 60%.
Distribution 
Now provides 4%/6%/7% ability energy to the neutral game abilities and 2%/3%/4% Super energy for 1/2/3 stacks respectively.
The energy gained is further reduced based on the cooldown of the class ability used, with the shortest cooldowns reducing it by 60%.
Additional note: All of the above mods continue to provide only 50% of their ability energy returns in PvP.
Other

Fixed an issue where Triton Vice's buff was not displaying correctly in the HUD.
Fixed an issue where acquiring Artifice Armor before non-Artifice Armor would prevent it from being available as an armor ornament.
Fixed an issue where slotting many decaying Armor Charge mods would cause them to stop functioning.
Updated the Iron Symmachy armor set to current Iron Banner rewards and focused decoding, and moved Iron Companion set to legacy decoding.
Fixed an issue where Arc Souls could shoot at a low rate of fire if created via Getaway Artists.
Fixed an issue where Arbor Warden was not playing barricade sound effects for other players.
Fixed an issue preventing Foetracer's visor visual effects from functioning.
Weapons
Weapon Archetypes

General
Updated Drang and Zaouli's Bane to load ammo at the correct point in the animation.
Auto Rifles
General
Increased damage against Minor (red bar) combatants by 10%.
Pulse Rifles
General
Increased damage against Minor (red bar) and Major (orange bar) combatants by 12.5%.
Glaives
Projectiles
Increased projectile speed by 30%.
Increased projectile damage in PvE by 25%.
Decreased projectile damage in PvP.
Aggressives: 123
Adaptives: 113
Rapid-Fires: 101
Shields
When the Glaive is held, shield energy now recharges passively at a rate of 1% per second.
Set up the base Glaive shield damage resistance to be tiered in PvP.
Base Glaive shield damage resistance remains at 50%.
Reduced damage resistance against Primary ammo weapons and melee attacks to 30%.
Melee
Reduced the delay after firing before you can melee from 0.75 seconds to 0.2 seconds.
Sniper Rifles
General
Increased Sniper Rifle PvE damage with a flat buff of 15%. (This also applies to Exotic Sniper Rifles that use Heavy ammo.)
Swords
Updated the Sword reticle to convey more information, and now have elements that better show its current charge state and reflect its current recharge delay.
Caster Swords and other Swords that fire projectiles now have a subtle central element on their reticles in addition to these updates to assist in aiming.
Fixed an issue causing Sword perks that activate while guarding to not activate properly while the player has an overshield of any kind.
Fixed an issue causing knockback to not be negated while blocking with a Sword while the player has an overshield of any kind.
Fixed an issue where unpowered (ammo-less) Swords still received buffs from Banner of War.
Exotic Weapons

Vex Mythoclast
Increased damage versus
Minor (red bar) combatants by 10%.
Bosses by 25%.
Champions by 200% when in the LFR mode.
Revision Zero
Increased damage versus Champions by 100%.
Thorn
Picking up a Remnant can overflow the magazine, up to 40 rounds max.
Thorn Catalyst improves stats and functionality:
Adds +20 to range.
Adds +10 stability.
Kills or picking up a Remnant grants additional range, as well as handling and mobility.
Class Glaives
General changes
Grant 1 ammo when you activate the perk, so you can use it even if you are out of ammo.
No longer passively drains shield energy when you Special ammo reload to activate the perk.
Can no longer be deactivated by reloading or stowing the weapon.
Edge of Intent (Warlock)
Healing turret projectiles now provide Cure and restoration and detonate in an 8m radius area of effect (AoE) to provide the benefits to nearby allies.
Increased mag size from 4 to 5.
Edge of Action (Titan)
Passing through the bubble now grants bonus reload speed, handling, and a small amount of stacking bonus damage in addition to the overshield.
Reduced the health of the bubble from 8000 to 2400 to account for the increased uptime and improved effects.
Edge of Concurrence (Hunter)
Lightning Seeker now jolts targets on impact.
Reduced the direct hit damage of the round that generates the lightning bolt, to account for the free ammo being granted.
Osteo Striga
Removed the Submachine Gan (SMG) damage bonus scalar that was affecting the poison damage.
This brings Osteo Striga poison down to match standard Necrotic Grip poison, though it will still deal 40% bonus damage vs. Minors for being an Exotic.
Salvation's Grip
Placed a speed limit on the detonation when damaging Stasis crystals. This will help prevent the detonation from being able to shatter too many crystals on a single frame, which would sometimes kick the player to orbit with an error code.
Salvation's Grip shatter kills and Headstone Stasis crystal shatter kills no longer use a blank icon on the kill screen.
Tommy's Matchbook
Updated the description strings to properly communicate that the Scorch functionality is tied to the catalyst being equipped.
Winterbite
Increased the detonation damage of the large projectile by 25%.
The self-damage blast radius has been halved, and the self-damage has been reduced.
Monte Carlo
The bayonet stab now has controller rumble.
Wicked Implement
Fixed an issue causing Wicked Implement's spawned Stasis shards from activating the Collective Action perk.
Two-Tailed Fox
Fixed an issue causing Two-Tailed Fox to revert to Void damage when stowed while empty.
Quicksilver Storm
Fixed an issue where Quicksilver Storm plays special reload animation in third-person instead of normal reload when a normal reload is executed.
Fixed an issue where Quicksilver Storm foregrip animates when firing in Auto Rifle mode.
Tractor Cannon
Fixed an issue where Tractor Cannon was missing a hip-fire reticle.
Perks

Danger Zone
We made a small change to how it works on Rocket Launchers. You can figure it out...
Heavy Grip 
Removed an unintended effect that was slightly increasing incoming flinch.
Precision Instrument 
Increased Enhanced Precision Instrument damage bonus at max stacks from 26% to 30%.
Kinetic Tremors
Made the activation requirements more consistent across archetypes.
Pulse Rifles: Reduced from 12 to 11 (Enhanced increased from 9 to 10).
Non-burst Sidearms: Reduced from 12 to 8 (Enhanced reduced from 9 to 7).
General

Added foundry weapons as a reward from Lost Sectors.
Changed price for Common and Uncommon Hand Cannons in collections to match the price of other Common and Uncommon weapons.
Fixed an issue where some sunset weapons had their damage type changed, relative to what damage type mod players had inserted.
Reduced the duration of time it takes to dismantle a Deepsight weapon, since dismantle grants pattern progress.
Fixed an issue where some Exotic weapons had incorrect tray icons shown on kill feeds.
Fixed an issue where the camera shifts slightly to the left when equipping a Sidearm or Hand Cannon.
Fixed an issue where the Compass Rose Solstice Shotgun was not in Collections for some players.
Fixed an issue where the Subjunctive SMG was not in Collections for some players.
Fixed an issue where Kinetic-slot Special ammo weapons were starting with max ammo reserves when landing into PvE activities.
Accessories

Updated Legendary and Exotic Sparrows to have 150 health (matching Always on Time).
Updated Legendary and Exotic Sparrows to have two speed selections, one matching Always on Time and one matching the previous highest speed.
Abilities
All Subclasses

Reduced melee lunge suppression time for victims struck by certain displacing melee abilities from 1 second to 0.5 seconds.
This affects the following melee abilities:
Grapple Melee
Pocket Singularity
Shield Bash
Seismic Strike
Hammer Strike
Shiver Strike
Sprint and slide-activated melees can no longer be activated after the player fires their weapon during a slide, preventing effective one-shot-eliminations from combinations like slide + Shotgun + shoulder charge.
This affects the following melee abilities:
Seismic Strike
Shield Bash
Hammer Strike
Howl of the Storm
Consecration
Flechette Storm
Lightning Surge
Tempest Strike
Blink
Fixed an issue where rapid Blinks could result in failed slide attempts.
All non-Super abilities
Neutral game abilities now receive variable amounts of ability energy from perks that grant instant percentage chunk energy, based on the ability's passive cooldown tier.
The shortest cooldown abilities will receive the same percentage of energy as they did previously, but as passive cooldown increases, the energy granted from perks scales per tier, down to a floor of 50% for grenades and class abilities and 60% for melee abilities. This means that the number of seconds of raw cooldown reduction granted from chunk energy perks is more closely equivalent across all ability cooldown tiers.
For example, with Firebolt Grenade (which have a 64-second base cooldown time) vs. Lightning Grenade (which have a 152-second base cooldown time):
With the previous system, a 10% base energy chunk reduced the cooldown of Firebolt Grenade by 6.4 seconds and reduced the cooldown of Lightning Grenade by 15.2 seconds.
With the new system, a 10% base energy chunk reduces the cooldown of Firebolt Grenade by 6.4 seconds and reduces the cooldown of Lightning Grenade by 7.6 seconds.
Note: Perks that were designed to grant full energy refunds (e.g., Knock 'Em Down) or perks that target a single, specific ability (e.g., Shinobu's Vow) are not affected and grant the same energy that they did in the previous system.
Titan
Fixed an issue that prevented shoulder charges from breaking invisibility.
Arc Subclasses

Hunter
Tempest Strike
Increased base damage from 110 to 125.
Reworked tracking behavior to be more consistent at further ranges.
Improved consistency when traveling over rough terrain.
Titan
Thundercrash
Reduced damage resistance vs. players from 53% to 25%.
Fixed an issue where Thundercrash was using the incorrect tier of damage-based energy recharger.
Warlock
Chaos Reach
Fixed an issue where Chaos Reach was using the incorrect tier of damage-based energy recharger.
Arc General
Amplified
Updated first-person amplified visual effects.
Solar Subclasses

Titan
Throwing Hammer
When picked up, it now returns melee energy over 1.4 seconds rather than instantly.
Increased projectile tracking strength by about 20%.
Sol Invictus
Reduced maximum Sunspot duration from 20 seconds to 12 seconds.
Warlock
Well of Radiance
Increased base cooldown time from 417 seconds to 455 seconds.
Solar General
Restoration
Reduced healing rate at restoration 1
Old: 40hp/s (PvE) - 20hp/s (PvP)
New: 35hp/s (PvE) - 17.5hp/s (PvP)
Reduced healing rate at restoration 2
Old: 65hp/s (PvE) - 32.5hp/s (PvP)
New: 50hp/s (PvE) - 25hp/s (PvP)
Void Subclasses

Titan
Ward of Dawn
Increased base cooldown time from 417 seconds to 455 seconds.
Sentinel Shield
Shield Throw ability energy regeneration while Sentinel Shield is active is no longer dependent on the player's Discipline stat.
Regeneration time previously ranged between 2.5 and 5 seconds, based on Discipline, and is now a flat 3 seconds at all times.
Note: This regeneration rate is reduced for the second Shield Throw charge when Offensive Bulwark is equipped.
Warlock
Feed the Void
Increased grenade energy regeneration per kill while Devour is active by 100%.
Note: Actual energy gain amounts vary based on target type and grenade recharge tier.
Now also improves the strength of Devour's heal when equipped.- See below for base Devour behavior changes.
Pocket Singularity
Increased projectile arming shape radius from 0.75m to 2m.
Increased projectile detonation radius from 3m to 3.75m.
Increased vertical acceleration bias in detonation physics impulse by about 10%.
Increased physics acceleration strength vs. players by about 15%.
Now interrupts active slides on targets hit by Pocket Singularity.
Void General
Devour
Healing amount on activation and when refreshed reduced from a full heal to 100hp. unless Feed the Void is equipped.
Now heals both health and shield sections more smoothly rather than adding health to each section separately.
Stasis Subclasses

Hunter
Withering Blade
Increased projectile speed by 10%.
Increased maximum projectile lifetime by 10%.
Increased maximum bounce count from 2 to 3.
Increased tracking consistency.
Fixed an issue where projectile tracking would shut off completely if your first bounce was off the floor.
Winter's Shroud
Increased Slow stacks applied to PvE combatants from 40 to 60.
Increased Slow duration applied to PvE combatants from 4 seconds to 8 seconds.
Increased Slow detonation size vs. PvE combatants from 8m to 9m.
Titan.
Shiver Strike
Now slows players on hit, a behavior previously removed in Hotfix 3.2.0.3.
Fixed an issue where Shiver Strike would not function with the Melee Kickstart armor mod.
Glacial Quake
Now freezes nearby players on cast, a behavior previously removed in Hotfix 3.1.1.1.
Note: On-cast  pulse size vs. players has been reduced from 8m to 6m.
Howl of the Storm
Fixed an issue where Howl of the Storm was not consistently freezing targets in contact with the created Stasis crystals.
Warlock
Penumbral Blast
Increased detonation size when impacting environment from 1.5m to 2m.
Frostpulse
Increased consistency against fast-moving targets.
Freeze detonation size vs. PvE combatants increased from 8m to 8.5m.
Stasis Grenades
Glacier Grenade
Reduced base cooldown time from 152 seconds to 121 seconds.
Note: The cooldown penalties for Duskfield Grenade and Coldsnap Grenade when Bleak Watcher is equipped have also been updated so that their cooldown times match the new Glacier Grenade cooldown time.
Coldsnap Grenade
Fixed an issue where the seeker was not consistently created in the direction the projectile was moving after a bounce.
Increased arming shape size from 0.9 meters to 1.4 meters.
Tracking strength now ramps down from full strength to 0 over the course of the grenade's lifetime, rather than immediately turning off after the seeker had reached 0.5 seconds lifetime.
Stasis General
Fragments
Whisper of Hedrons
Removed -10 Strength penalty.
Whisper of Impetus
Now provides +10 Resilience.
Whisper of Shards
No longer provides +10 Resilience.
Whisper of Hunger
Stat penalty changed from -10 Mobility/Intellect to -20 Strength.
Whisper of Bonds
Removed -10 Discipline penalty.
Freeze
Increased Special ammo weapon damage bonus vs. frozen targets from 5% to 10%.
Strand Subclasses

Titan
Bladefury
Heavy attack ability energy regeneration while Bladefury is active is no longer dependent on the player's Discipline stat.
Regeneration time previously ranged between 2.5 and 5 seconds, based on Discipline. It's now a flat 3 seconds at all times.
Banner of War
Increased the number of enemy defeats necessary to increment the banner level and increased the amount of time added per enemy defeat at each level to compensate.
Fixed an issue where unpowered Swords were being granted an incorrect buff by Banner of War.
Warlock
Weavewalk
Fixed an issue where the Weavewalk visual effects could end early in some situations.
Fixed an issue where damage from environmental hazards was not reduced while the player was in an active Weavewalk.
Fixed an issue where only 1perched Threadling would appear to orbit on the player for networked clients, regardless of the number of Threadlings perched on the local player.
Strand General
Woven Mail
Reduced damage resistance vs. PvE combatants from 55% to 45%.
Rewards
Legendary Shards

Removed all Legendary Shard costs from the Monuments to Lost Light.
Removed all Legendary Shard costs from all ritual and lfocusing costs.
Updated focusing costs to cost engrams and Glimmer only:
Crucible
Gambit
Iron Banner
Trials of Osiris
Vanguard
Legendary Shards will continue to drop from all existing sources in the game until The Final Shape launches.
Legendary Shard rewards on the Season Pass have been replaced with Enhancement Core or Glimmer rewards.
Legendary Shard Dismantle Bonus on the Season Pass has been replaced with an additional Ritual Glimmer Boost.
Triumphs and Seals

Fixed an issue where some players could not equip the Chosen title.
Seasonal Challenges

Bonus Seasonal Challenges no longer count toward the cumulative Seasonal Challenge for completing all of the standard Seasonal Challenges.
General Sandbox
Fixed a systemic issue where networked projectiles could predictively cause impact damage multiple times. This issue was made worse with higher framerates.
Platforms and Systems
The Seal the Deal platform achievement now completes with Seals created after Forsaken.
General
Fixed an issue where ornaments couldn't be favorited before they had been equipped for the first time.
Fixed an issue where a weapon with 4 perks in one column would push the mod slots off the bottom of the screen.
Fixed an issue where the Veteran's Flair transmat effect was not visible in the ship customization screen.
Fixed an issue where Glimmer in some chests would disappear for all players, even when loot was still available for other fireteam members.
The tutorial screen for Bright Engrams will now properly appear the first time a Bright Engram is received.
The definition for the Knitting Time emote will now be ordered correctly.
Fixed an issue where the 3rd Player interaction text was missing from the emote Cozy Campfire.
The purchase restriction on Instant 10x Season Pass Ranks has been removed.
Fixed an issue where the Wind Up finisher had an odd transition back to idle.
Players in a vendor performance will no longer get soft locked if their fireteam members start a cinematic.
Players can no longer pull the Season 21 Artifact out of their Collection.

Destiny 2 Update 7.2.5.3
Activities
Crucible

Trials of Osiris
Implemented quitter protection for matches that start with missing players.
In-game message currently references Competitive Division. This will be fixed at a later date.
Increased the drop rate of Adept weapons for wins after completing a Flawless passage.
Adjusted spawns, Heavy ammo placement, and zone balancing on Radiant Cliffs.
Checkmate
Reduced Bow damage.
Reduced Hand Cannon body shot damage.
Raid and Dungeons

Crota's End
Fixed an issue where players who reached the final stand shortly after breaking Crota's shield would fail the All for One challenge.
Fixed an issue that allowed Crota to be instantly defeated by being pushed out of the map.
Seasonal Activities

Fixed an issue where Ascension Major Arcana card was not applying scorch to combatants.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor and Expressions

Updated the definition of the following Exotics to match their current gameplay:
Shards of Galanor
Synthoceps
St0mp-EE5
Mechaneer's Tricksleeves
Celestial Nighthawk
Karnstein Armlets
Fixed an issue causing this Shhhh! emote to not display its effects as intended.
Abilities

Fixed an issue where Handheld Supernova could freeze some moving objects.
UX and UI
Reduced the frequency of the "Max Witch Keys" on-screen message.

Destiny 2 Update 7.2.5.2
Activities
Crucible

Fixed an issue where players who reached Ascendant rank in Competitive were unable to claim the Adept Guardian Spec Triumph.
Player Journey

Now allows players to access The Plunge, Dive Tank to complete Season of the Witch quests if they have not completed Season of the Deep quests.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor and Expressions
Fixed an issue where two Festival of the Lost Universal Ornament sets, the Hunters' Mygalomorph set and the Titans' Crawling Chaos set, were not animating correctly in inspection screens.
Fixed an issue where the worm in the Wiggle Worm emote would disappear partway through the emote.
Weapons and Accessories
Fixed an issue where Lord of Wolves was dealing too much damage at range when aiming down sights.
Abilities
Fixed an issue where the Icarus Dash description string was missing additional functionality added in Destiny 2 Update 6.1.0.2.
General
The following items have been removed from sale in Eververse:
The Lycan's Mire Shell
Winchester's Ruin Sparrow
Boo Emote

Destiny 2 Update 7.2.5.1
Activities
Ritual Loop

Fixed an issue where the proc rate calculation of the number of active cards for Deck of Whispers Liminal Card (Arc) was incorrect.
Fixed an issue where Deck of Whispers Liminal Card (Arc) and Lacuna Card (Void) could trigger effects for other players.
The Imbaru Engine mission

Fixed an issue where dialog would not play after solving a navigation puzzle. The aforementioned navigation puzzle can be replayed to hear dialog missed in the first playthrough.
Gameplay and Investment
Events
Fixed an issue where the ship Nyxptern, which is earned from the Bookworm III event challenge, was not available in Collections once acquired.
Fixed an issue where Lightfall campaign checkpoints could be used to gain far more Spectral Pages than intended quickly and repeatedly.
Fix an issue where the Event Challenge Heads Will Roll could only be progressed by defeating Headless Ones in Legend Haunted Sectors.
Revised the Festival of the Lost Event Card pop-up to note that the event offers a title rather than a Seal.
General
Revised animation causing flickering on the Deck of Whispers in the H.E.L.M. on certain platforms.

Destiny 2 Update 7.2.5
Activities
Crucible
Fixed multiple out of bounds areas on Multiplex.
Disabled Icarus Dash while using Aegis shield in the Crucible Relic game mode.
Fixed an issue where Sparrows could be used on Multiplex.
Trials of Osiris
Meltdown - Made some adjustments to the Dominion Zone and the Heavy ammo spawn positions.
Raid and Dungeon
Root of Nightmares
Encounter challenges are now active.
Grasp of Avarice
Players no longer lose additional ability charges when acquiring ten Burdened by Riches.
Seasonal Activities
Fixed an issue where the Lacuna Card would suppress players after eliminating a combatant with a weapon with Repulsor Brace.
Fixed an issue where the Victory Lap Braziers and Deepsights that have been interacted with disappeared before newly joining players could interact with them.

Fixed the missing speaker name for holographic message subtitles.
Open World
Fixed an issue that caused a small number of players to be granted owned Exotics from Legend and Master Lost Sectors and from Vex Strike Force instead of unowned ones.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor and Expressions
Exotic Armor
Antaeus Ward
Reflective Vents now requires full class ability to deploy.
Following deactivation of Reflective Vents, your class ability energy is drained proportional to the amount of damage reflected.
No longer provides an improved slide.
Young Ahamkara's Spine
Reduced the Tripmine Grenade's increased HP to 70 (down from 100) and removed the bonus 50% damage resistance.
Grenade energy is now provided on ability kills instead of damage with abilities.
Foetracers
No longer grant max surge bonus on Glaive and Sword kills.
Icefall Mantle
Fixed an issue where players spawned without class ability energy in the Crucible.
Astrocyte Verse
Description has been updated to better match its functionality.
Path of the Burning Steps
Fixed an issue where having the Exotic perk active wouldn't change its appearance.
Pyrogale Gauntlets
Updated the Exotic perk description to match its gameplay.
General
Fixed an issue where Photonic Vest was not available in the Armor Synthesis screen.
Fixed an issue where the Hinterland, Biosphere Explorer, and Ossuary ritual armor sets dropped with lower than intended stats.
The Valkyrian Mask Hunter helmet no longer has a hole in it.
Fixed an issue that caused the new ritual armor to drop with low stats.
Weapons and Accessories
Weapon Tuning
Submachine Guns
General
Increased recoil globally by 10%.
Reduced the mouse and keyboard Stability bonus from 20% to 10%.
Auto Rifles
Rapid-Fire
Reduced the Aim Down Sights (ADS) Damage Falloff Scalar from 1.7x to 1.6x.
Adaptive
Reduced the ADS Damage Falloff Scalar from 1.7x to 1.6x.
Increased base damage from 14.25 to 15.
Decreased critical hit multiplier from 1.6 to 1.55 (crit damage goes from 22.8 to 23.3).
Precision
Reduced the ADS Damage Falloff Scalar from 1.7x to 1.6x.
Reduced the zoom on Ammit AR4 from 17 to 15.
Pulse Rifles
General
Increased damage falloff range at 0 stat by 1m.
Aggressive
Increased the ADS Damage Falloff Scalar to 1.8x.
Fusion Rifles
General
Reduced the minimum damage fusions can deal after damage falloff from 50% to 45%.
Sniper Rifles
General
Decreased the airborne accuracy penalty by 20% (Sniper Rifles are now as accurate at base as they were before airborne effectiveness (AE) with Icarus Grip).
Aggressive
Decreased body shot damage from 157.5 to 135.
Increased critical hit multiplier from 3x to 3.5x.
Adaptive
Decreased body shot damage from 131 to 119.
Increased critical hit multiplier from 2.95x to 3.25x.
Rapid-Fire
Decreased body shot damage from 90 to 85.
Increased critical hit multiplier from 3.25x to 3.45x.
Shotguns
General
Decreased the airborne accuracy penalty for Precision Slug Shotguns by 20% (Slug Shotguns are now as accurate at base as they were pre-AE with Icarus Grip).
Decreased the airborne pellet spread penalty for Pellet Shotguns by 20%.
Checkmate Weapon Tuning
Pulse Rifles
Decreased bonus damage very slightly to decrease some resiliency forgiveness (critical to body shot ratio) thresholds by 1 tier.
This does not shift optimal time-to-kill against base resilience for any Pulse Rifles.
Hand Cannons
Increased bonus damage slightly to remove the resiliency threshold that shifts optimal time-to-kill for Adaptive (140 RPM) Hand Cannons.
Adaptive HCs will again kill all resilience levels with 3 critical hits.
However, they will lose the ability to kill with 3 shots sooner into damage falloff than in standard Crucible.
How quickly that happens will still depend on the resilience of the opponent.
Weapon Perks
Perfect Float
Increased base duration from 6s to 10s, increased extended duration from 7s to 12s.
Kickstart
Reduced damage bonus from 20% to 15%.
Enhanced Heal Clip
Now heals allies when reloading after a kill.
General
Modified the descriptions on how to obtain the intrinsic perks for crafted Dead Man's Tale and what each of them unlocks.
Fixed an issue where the Defiant Ghost Projection was not showing the right image.
Fixed an issue where the Word of Crota Hand Cannon could be crafted with unintended magazine perks.
Fixed an issue where the Cataphract GL3 Grenade Launcher was still showing grenades in its magazine when empty.
Fixed an issue where Tessellation was impairing vision when combined with certain armor pieces.
Fixed an issue where Tessellation could reload its alternative fire mode an unlimited number of times in combination with Gunpowder Gamble or Arbor Warden.
Fixed an issue where Aggressive Frame Sword's airborne heavy attacks required full energy and did not start the energy recharge delay.
Abilities
Strand Warlock
Fixed an issue where The Wanderer Tangles didn't suspend Champions.
Seasonal Artifact
Fixed an issue where tangles created using the Thanatotic Tangles Seasonal perk had a longer cooldown than intended.
Fixed an issue where the Unstoppable Fusion Seasonal perk would incorrectly activate on Linear Fusion Rifles.
Vendor focusing
Reduced the price of Exotic armor tier-2 focusing.

Player Identity
Fixed an issue where Guardian Rank objectives were displayed as completed before the player reached the rank required to claim them.
Fixed a spelling error on the Seasonal Challenges objective for Guardian Rank 6.
The Luminous Paragon Sparrow from Guardian Games is now available in Collections.
UI and UX
Favorited Ornaments no longer act chaotically.
General
Fixed issue where players could send whisper messages in text chat to recipients who could not read the message due to having restricted message settings. Players will now get an error when sending a message to someone who cannot receive it.

Fixed issue where text chat whisper command would fail to open the text chat channel in certain cases.
Fixed missing subtitle for Cayde's coughing in Forsaken's opening cinematic. [cough]
Updated the quest icon for the Grenade Logic catalyst quest.
The Refined Revels shader now correctly reflects its additional effects when viewed in Eververse.
Fixed an issue that was causing players to earn Triumphs for certain Guardian Games Vanguard Medals when Guardian Games is inactive.
Fixed an issue where the Learning Light quest was not available to some players.

Destiny 2 Update 7.2.0.6
Activities
Seasonal Content
Spire of Savathn

Removed the mention to matchmaking in the Legend difficulty option.
Exotic Mission Rotator
Seraph Shield

Fixed an issue where players going through the teleporter early were not receiving rewards at activity completion.
Raids and Dungeons
Crota's End

Players who completed the Crota's End Challenge mode during the first 48 hours have been granted the A Broken Throne emblem.
Acquiring the emblem will complete the All For One and the Superior Swordplay Triumphs.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Fixed an issue where Delicate Tomb was not receiving Unstoppable Round when this perk is active for Fusion Rifles.
Weapon tuning for Checkmate only:
Increased damage penalty on:
Devil's Ruin charged laser beam - 10% to 15%
Fighting Lion - 0% to 20%
Bows - 0% to 10%
Reduced damage penalty on:
Sidearms - 10% to 5%
Submachine Guns - 5% to 0%
Scout Rifles - 10% to 9%
Increased bonus damage on:
Auto Rifles - 0% to 2%
Pulse Rifles - 0% to 5%
Reduced bonus damage on:
Hand Cannons - 10% to 7%
Corrected an issue where Vex Mythoclast was benefiting from the bonus damage for Special Ammo Fusion Rifles.
Abilities
Strand Titan

Banner of War
Made some adjustments to visuals.
UI And UX
Added a tutorial on how to crush Hive ghosts to the Lucent Hive story mission from the Timeline Reflections quests.

Destiny 2 Update 7.2.0.4
Activities
Crucible
Fixed an issue allowing for exploitation of spawns in Rift.
Fixed an issue where you can weaken other Guardians when the Rapid-Fire Ranger Artifact perk is active.
Seasonal
Fixed an issue where Arc Attunement Runes could be destroyed with certain weapons.
Crota's End
Improved Essence of the Oversoul drop rates for full clears and for repeated clears.
Altars of Summoning
Fixed an issue where the Void crystal encounter would not progress if the crystals were destroyed too quickly during the third phase.
Gameplay and Investment
Abilities
Fixed an issue where players could activate their Glaive melee while in Weavewalk.
Armor
Fixed an issue where changing a mod on an equipped item during an equipment-locked activity could boot you from the activity.
Fixed an issue where the damage resistance from Elemental Embrace was applying to damage done in PvP.
Fixed an issue where the jolt from Arc Elemental Orbs was applying to game objects.
Fixed an issue where Secant Filaments were granting Overload anti-Champion to weapons that already have anti-Champion intrinsically.
Weapons & Accessories
Fixed an issue where changing a mod on an equipped item during an equipment locked activity could boot you from the activity.
Fixed an issue where Husk of the Pit and Eidolon Ally would be missing their weapon fire sound effects on console platforms.

Added the Wendigo Grenade Launcher and Hung Jury Scout Rifle to legacy Vanguard Ops focusing
Power and Progression
Fixed an issue where the Minor Arcana Empowered Rewards didn't function as intended. Opening a Season of the Witch chest (while using a Witch's Key) at the end of the Legendary Savathn's Spire, will now properly give a Deepsight Seasonal weapon if there are any remaining to find, otherwise it will give a high-stat Seasonal piece of class appropriate armor.
General
Fixed an issue with The Bulbul Tarang emblem, in which it didn't appear in-game and couldn't be equipped.

Destiny 2 Update 7.2.0.3
Activities
Trials of Osiris
Match wins in Trials of Osiris now have a high chance to drop a non-Adept Trials weapon.
Crucible
Fixed an issue where Shaxx's Competitive Ascendant Rank emblem was not updated to the new emblem in Season of the Witch.
Seasonal Content
Added a new armor set as ritual rewards. At the end of any Vanguard, Crucible, or Gambit ritual playlist activity, players have a chance to earn a piece of this new set.
Fixed an issue where Director-level ritual challenges were not distributing Exotic engrams.
Fixed an issue where some players could not easily enter the Hive portal in the Season of the Witch wing of the H.E.L.M.
Exotic Rotator Missions
Fixed an issue where the Deepsight Exotic weapon was not being awarded from the Legend difficulty versions of the Exotic missions.
Fixed an issue where players were not able to reach Archie, due to lasers and a non-functioning teleporter.
UI/UX
The Seasonal sub menu in the Quests tab is now using the appropriate Seasonal icon.
Stacks of transmat effects do not split into individual items in player inventories now. Instead, they convert to one, for players who have not previously logged into the game after Season of the Witch launched.
The Apply to All shader bucket now adopts the same shader item ordering as that used by the shader socket of armor items.
Gameplay and Investment
Abilities
Adjusted the description text for Weavewalk to correctly call out the use of melee energy.
Fixed an issue that was causing multiple Banner of War effects to stack.
Armor & Expressions
Reverted changes to the Luminous Void shader's application on armor pieces.
Fixed an issue causing Malfeasance and Le Monarque to benefit from anti-Champion artifact perks.
Anti-Champion artifact perks should now all overcharge their respective weapon types in activities where that modifier is active.
Note: The Overload Machine Gun's artifact perk description will not reflect this functionality. This will be addressed in a future patch.
Fixed an issue causing the Festival Dance Exotic emote to not perform the correct animations or effects.
Weapons & Accessories
Disabled weapon crafting progression from base difficulty campaign mission completions.
Adjusted Kinetic Tremors to take 14 bullets to trigger on Submachine Guns.
Note: We will be adjusting other archetypes in a future release.
Fixed an interaction between Tessellation and Stormtrance that allowed players to shoot special shots more often than intended.
General
Fixed an issue where the Anthology lore book pages were being unlocked early by listening to the same radio message on multiple characters.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 9/02/23
GENERAL
Due to an issue, the Eidolon Ally auto rifle can no longer be pulled from Collections.
Players will be able to reacquire this weapon once a fix has been deployed.

Destiny 2 Update 7.2.0.2
Activities
Crucible
Rolled back changes to spawn points in Control and Clash to their state before Season 21.
Seasonal
Fixed an issue where a player joining another could block progression during Mission: Invoke.
Fixed an issue where the Weekly Challenge completion on-screen message was missing text.
Fixed an issue where The Ascension VIII card would increase the rate of scorch too fast.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Fixed an issue where the Luminous Void shader and the Warped Rachis shader were not properly applying to certain pieces of armor.
Fixed an issue where Titans using the Pyrogale Guantlets could start their one-off Burning Maul Super and then switch to Synthoceps to increase its damage input.
Fixed an issue where the Photonic Cloak model was partially offset.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where using a sequence of actions through Loadouts could cause weapon models, ornaments, and other characteristics to be incorrectly mixed and applied to weapons.
As a result of this, Loadouts have been reenabled but won't pull weapons from a player's vault. This issue will be addressed in a future fix.
Fixed an issue where the Origin Perk Specialization II Artifact perk was not correctly overcharging The Eremite Fusion Rifle and Brya's Love Scout Rifle from Season 22.
Combatants
Fixed an issue where Unstoppable Taken Phalanxes couldn't be damaged on their crit spot.
Bounties and pursuits
Fixed an issue where Strand related bounties were only displayed if Strand was the equipped subclass.
Vendors
Fixed an issue where certain Exotics in the Monument to Lost Lights required the wrong entitlements.
Fixed an issue where the vendor UI would display during conversations with Ikora.

Destiny 2 Update 7.2.0.1 - Season of the Witch
Activities
Relive the past. Ikora offers a Timeline Reflections quest to help new and lapsed players get caught up on major story beats by replaying three key moments: Caydes Fate from Forsaken, Communing with Stasis from Beyond Light, and the Lucent Hive from The Witch Queen. Includes new cinematics and rewards for new players to quickly get up to speed before The Final Shape.
Ritual rank-ups now happen immediately on receiving reputation instead of the next time you go to orbit.
Weekly ritual Director challenges have been updated, removing the requirement to play three instances of a specific ritual to obtain rewards. Challenges now allow completion of any ritual activity (Crucible, Vanguard, or Gambit) to progress the challenge in sets of three, to earn up to a max of three Extotic engrams. Surge matching has been removed as a requirement for Vanguard completions to progress the weekly challenge
Ritual Vendor Challenges for completing 8 bounties on Vanguard, Crucible, or Gambit vendors have had their rewards updated to reward pinnacles
Ritual-specific Engrams will now drop more often allowing players more choice on what rewards they get through focusing.
Ritual weapons will now be focusable during the first season they are available.
Crucible
General Crucible

Added Fireteam Matchmaking to CBMM (Connection-Based Matchmaking) playlists.
Fixed a cinematic issue for Crucible maps Meltdown and Cathedral of Dusk.
Revised playlist tooltips to remove redundant information.
Fixed out of bounds issues on Crucible maps Meltdown and Radiant Cliffs.
Fixed an issue with textures on Crucible map Bannerfall.
Competitive

Competitive 3v3 placement series challenge progress is now synced across characters.
Fixed an issue where the placement series challenge would not grant a reward.
Rift

Fixed an issue that caused Spark dunks to count as more than one dunk.
Scorched

Fixed an issue where certain subclasses could use their air move abilities.
Zone Control

Fixed an issue where the bonus reputation icon did not display while Crucible reputation booster is active.
Iron Banner

Daily Iron Banner challenges have been split into 2 series. Each series has 4 challenges rolled out daily over the week.
Series 1: Players complete Iron Banner matches (with no restrictions) to earn Iron Banner Rank bonus multipliers.
Series 2: Players earn points in Iron Banner as a Seasonal subclass to earn Pinnacle rewards.
Rumble

Matches no longer reward twice as much Crucible reputation as other Crucible modes when specific conditions are met.
Iron Banner Fortress

Added mode-specific voice-over to Iron Banner Fortress.
Loose SBMM (Skill-Based Matchmaking)

Altered parameters to improve search times and match quality for players at either end of the skill spectrum, or for those playing in low population regions or times.
Lobby Balancing

Corrected an issue where highly skilled players could be misallocated across teams.
Clash and Control

Changed Iron Banner Clash and Control map weighting to match that of the core Clash and Control playlists.
Vanguard Ops
Fixed an issue where the bonus reputation modifier icon did not display for Nightfall activities.
Gambit
Added FBMM (Fireteam-Based Matchmaking) and removed Freelance node.
Updated the Gold Coins gilding Triumph progress string to reflect the change from wins to matches played.
Neomuna
In the campaign mission Downfall, improved the physics in gravlifts and removed ability drain.
Added Nimbus vendor rep as reward to event chests that were previously only awarding Glimmer.
Dungeons
Ghosts of the Deep

Fixed some quarantine volumes that were causing players to get a joining allies message while the Emerge encounter was in progress.
Fixed an issue where the final boss of the dungeon was teleporting more than intended during the damage phase.
Raids
Root of Nightmares

Fixed an issue where players were unable to purchase the Shotgun because the raid weapon vendor was incorrectly checking for available inventory space.
Guardian Ranks
Updated the objective Pinnacle Rewards in Guardian Rank 8 to reflect the updated weekly challenges to complete bounties for Drifter, Shaxx, and Zavala.
Players can now see their rank-up buffs displayed in their Guardian's character sheet.
Fixed an issue in which the Guardian Rank 4 objective Glimmer was continuing to show progress after completing it.
Loadouts + 4 message will now display the correct description.
Fixed an issue in which some of the system unlock messages for Guardian Ranks did not have a proper icon.
Players now will get credit for completing the Kingsfall raid in a higher difficulty without having completed the regular difficulty.
UI/UX
The Inspection screen and Eververse Preview screens now support playing audio for Exotic weapons, Sparrows, ships, Ghosts, and other items that may have custom ambient audio.
Timeline
To help new players understand the fundamentals, Destiny Calls and Witness Backstory cinematics can be played directly from the first page of the Timeline (upper-right corner of the Director).
To help new players learn the game, added a QR Code that opens the New Player Guide on Bungie.net.
Fixed an issue preventing the player from crouching in the Exotic mission Operation: Seraph's Shield.
Fixed an issue where some quest step objectives would display as incomplete even if they were completed.
Fixed an issue where Commendations were incorrectly greyed out as already given in some activities.
Corrected an issue that prevented the visual effects from displaying for The Witch Queen expansion node on the Timeline.
The Eververse Recommendations tile on the Featured page of Eververse will no longer inform players that they lack inventory space.
Fixed a text display issue in the Russian language version of the Season Pass description page.
Featured Quests
Added a new tab to Quest Log that helps players focus on completing key quest lines.
Players can now launch into many quest activities or to quest locations directly from the Quest Details screen.
Players can prioritize the quests that appear in Featured Quest categories by tracking them in the Quest Log.
A number of activities were pushing a New Adventures Available announcement to the HUD when they became available, either through progression or after the daily reset. We've reworked this system to reduce the frequency of that particular announcement's appearance and, moving forward, enable us to more readily provide specific announcements starting with a New Legend Lost Sector Available announcement when new Legend or Master Lost Sectors become available.
Fixed an issue that caused certain background details and colors to not be visible on some destination maps when navigating between Director tabs.
Fixed an issue with the Memorialized emblem in which it didn't slot raid and dungeon trackers.
Fixed an issue in which the Total Triumph Score was not accurate.
Players can now interact with past Seasonal Artifact Lore tabs.
Fixed an issue in which the Commendation Score, Guardian name, and icon were not visible in some instances in the Commendations screen within the Journey screen.
Gameplay and Investment
Abilities
Fixed an issue where ability energy wasn't cleared when changing class ability.
Fixed an issue that allowed players to activate sprint melees without sprinting.
Fixed an issue that caused Threadling grenades to spawn double Threadlings when thrown against some surfaces.
Fixed an issue where at specific resilience stat values, players could receive the previous tier's PvE damage resistance value rather than their current tier's.
Fixed an issue where the Wish-Ender bow in combination with abilities like Shadowshot was able to generate significantly more Super energy per shot than intended.
All Subclasses
Titan

Increased Towering Barricade base cooldown time from 48 seconds to 70 seconds.
Reduced Barricade (all variants) maximum health from 600hp to 500hp and increased damage resistance from PvE combatants to compensate.
Lift (all variants)
Removed soft ceiling for Lift to eliminate instances where players could activate the movement mode but receive no upward movement (e.g., while Speed Booster was active).
Note: Warlock Glide already had no soft ceiling.
Hunter

Double Jump (all variants)
Removed soft ceiling for Double Jump to eliminate instances where players could activate the movement mode but receive no upward movement (e.g., while Speed Booster was active).
Note: Warlock Glide already had no soft ceiling.
Arc Subclasses
Hunter

Fixed an issue where the Lethal Current aftershock could deactivate Liar's Handshake's Cross-Counter perk.
Titan

Reduced Knockouts bonus melee damage vs. players from 50 to 30.
Increased Thundercrashs base cooldown time from 500 seconds to 556 seconds.
Thunderclap
Now costs energy on attack, rather than during the windup.
Reduced weapon ready speed penalty after attacking by 50%.
Skip Grenade
Reduced base cooldown time from 121 seconds to 105 seconds.
Solar Subclasses
Warlock

Fixed an issue where the Scorch applied from Celestial Fire could fail to activate perks requiring melee defeats (e.g., while using Sunbracers).
Fixed an issue where the Heat Rises description did not include the healing burst on grenade consume added in Patch 4.1.0.2.
Fixed an issue where the Icarus Dash description displayed the air move key bind rather than the air dodge key bind.
Fixed an issue where Swarm Grenade submunitions could become stuck in Ward of Dawn geometry, rapidly dealing impact damage to it rather than detonating after reaching its maximum impact count.
Titan

Fixed an issue where the death screen obituary text for Sunspots was missing.
Void Subclasses
Titan

Fixed an issue where Shield Bash damage was being scaled to 0 against players in an active grapple.
Reduced Voidwall Grenades base cooldown time from 152 seconds to 121 seconds.
Fragments
Echo of Instability and Echo of Provision
Fixed an issue where defeating targets with non-Void grenades (e.g., Forerunner's The Rock) would fail to activate the Fragment perk.
Echo of Harvest
Fixed an issue where the cooldown buff tray text did not correctly indicate the name of the Fragment.
Fixed an issue where some players were unable to purchase Void Fragments from Ikora until they had purchased at least two Void Aspects.
Stasis Subclasses
Warlock

Increased consistency of Penumbral Blast freezing fast-moving targets (e.g., players Grappling toward the casting Warlock).
Fragments
Whisper of Bonds
Now creates an Orb of Power for you and allies when defeating frozen targets, rather than directly granting Super energy.
Players can no longer perform interactions (revives, Countdown bomb plants, etc.) while frozen.
Strand Subclasses
Hunter

Silkstrike
Increased Silkstrike damage resistance from 40% to 45%.
Reduced suppression time between Silkstrike super air attacks.
Reduced vertical lift provided by Silkstrike heavy air attack to reduce instances of missing the primary target.
Threaded Specter
Increased Threaded Specter lifetime from 10 seconds to 12 seconds.
Increased Threaded Specter health vs. PvE combatants.
Threaded Specter now takes longer to detect nearby PvE combatants at the beginning of its lifetime.
PvE combatants now more consistently focus on Threaded Specter instead of the Hunter.
Allied players no longer have reticle magnetism toward Threaded Specter.
Fixed an issue where the Threaded Spike was unable to return to its owner if the owner was Invisible (e.g., from Assassin's Cowl activating).
Warlock

The Wanderer
Destroying a Tangle now creates a delayed suspending detonation.
Increased suspend detonation radius from 6 meters to 7 meters against PvE combatants.
Increased thrown Wanderer Tangle detonation damage to match standard Tangle detonations.
All classes
Fragments
Thread of Generation
Reduced the overall energy gain per damage event against PvE enemies by ~20%.
Rebalanced the energy gain multiplier across Primary weapon archetypes to bring energy gains for dealing damage with precision weapons and fully automatic weapons closer together.
Note: This means that, overall, while fully automatic Primary weapons have had their efficiency reduced, precision Primary weapons have had their efficiency increased to compensate.
Thread of Mind
Reduced class energy gain based on the tier of the defeated target:
Minor combatants reduced from 15% to 10%.
Major combatants and players reduced from 25% to 15%.
Bosses, Champions and minibosses reduced from 50% to 25%.
Thread of Propagation
Now grants +10 Strength.
Thread of Continuity
No longer grants +10 Strength.
Thread of Wisdom
No longer requires a precision kill to activate.
Thread of Isolation
Reduced the number of precision hits to activate by an average of ~30%; varies by weapon archetype.
Thread of Rebirth
The number of created Threadlings now varies based on the tier of the defeated target:
Minor combatants: 1.
Elite combatants or players: 2.
Boss, Champion, or miniboss combatants: 3.
Suspend
Reduced base suspend duration vs. non-Champion PvE combatants from 8 seconds to 5 seconds.
Thread of Continuity now extends this duration to 7 seconds, down from 12 seconds.
Reduced base suspend duration vs. Champion combatants from 8 seconds to 3 seconds (4 seconds with Thread of Continuity).
Increased snap damage dealt to suspended boss combatants by 67%.
Players can no longer perform interactions (revives, Countdown bomb plants, etc.) while suspended.
Increased Threadling damage vs. PvE combatants by 30%.
Reduced Tangle creation cooldown time from 15 seconds to 12 seconds.
Reduced Woven Mails damage resistance vs. PvE combatants from 60% to 55%.
PvE combatants affected by Sever now have their outgoing damage reduced by 40%, up from 30%.
Grapple melee now always takes priority during the grapple melee window regardless of melee charge state (whether players have a Threaded Spike or Arcane Needle charge readied), and regardless of whether there is a valid target nearby.
Armor
The functionality of the Foetracer hunter Exotic helmet has been moved to the Knucklehead Radar Exotic helmet.
Foetracer's previous perk has been completely replaced by the following perk: Damaging a powerful combatant or Guardian with an ability grants you a temporary bonus to weapon damage matching your subclass type. Defeating that target with a weapon matching the damage type of your subclass creates an elemental pickup.
The Lucky Raspberry Exotic armor has been reworked and now reads: Increases the chaining capabilities of Arc Bolt Grenade. Damaging enemies with jolt lightning strikes and collecting Ionic Traces grant additional Arc Bolt Grenade energy. Arc Bolt Grenades stun Overload Champions and delay their health regeneration.
Reverted the previous change to the cooldown of Duskfield grenades granted by Renewal Grasps.
Reworked ACD/0 Feedback Fence to make use of the Armor Charge system. New perk: Melee hits grant Armor Charge, and you take reduced melee damage while you have Armor Charge. Taking melee damage causes you to emit a burst of damaging Arc energy that jolts targets, consuming your Armor Charge and dealing more damage based on the number of stacks consumed.
In addition to its existing functionality, Icefall Mantle now has a chance to grant an escalating bonus to Stasis weapon damage on Stasis kills. Activating your class ability grants you the highest tier damage bonus.
The Hallowfire Heart Exotic has had its perk reworked: While standing in a Sunspot, defeating an enemy with Solar damage creates a Sunspot. It greatly improves recharge rate of your abilities while your Super is charged and provides a small benefit to the airborne effectiveness stat of all weapons.
Design note: Hallowfire Heart had too much overlap with Heart of Inmost Light and yet was restricted to one damage type. With this rework, we are looking to lean harder into the Solar subclass by letting you create more frequent Sunspots, while still retaining some elements of its previous functionality.
The tier-4 Arc weapon damage bonus granted by your Fist of Havoc Super ending has had its duration extended to 30 seconds, up from 10.
Path of the Burning Steps now grants the tier-4 Solar weapon damage bonus on Solar grenade kills.
In addition to its existing functionality, Doom Fang Pauldrons now have a chance to grant an escalating bonus to Void weapon damage on Void kills. Void melee kills automatically grant the highest tier damage bonus.
When you use Blink, Astrocyte Verse now causes enemies near you to become volatile. When using the Nova Warp Super, your Dark Blink movement ability does not cost Super energy.
In addition to its existing functionality, Geomag Stabilizers now grants energy for your Chaos Reach super when picking up an Ionic Trace.
In addition to its existing functionality, Wings of Sacred Dawn now reloads your Solar weapons from reserves when you get a kill while suspended in midair.
Winter's Guile now causes enemies encased by the Penumbral Blast melee to automatically shatter.
Arbor Warden's unique class ability should now benefit from all sources of bonus class ability energy correctly.
Fixed an issue that would cause Arbor Warden's class ability to not animate properly when used with Jotunn or Tractor Cannon.
Fixed an issue where Eternal Warrior's Arc Weapon damage bonus wouldn't function unless you had the super Fist of Havoc equipped.
Fixed an issue causing Chromatic Fire's elemental explosions to fail to apply their status effects in certain situations.
Fixed an issue causing Liar's Handshake's bonus melee damage to not function correctly with the Lethal Current Arc Aspect or the Gathering Storm Arc Super.
Fixed an issue where Swarmers would not create Threadlings when a Tangle was thrown after grappling to a different Tangle.
Threadlings spawned via Swarmers now work properly when The Wanderer Aspect is equipped.
Fixed an issue where Peregrine Greaves' HUD status effect didn't have an icon.
The Armor Charge HUD element will now show your actual maximum number of potential Armor Charges, rather than always showing 6 empty boxes.
Fixed an issue causing Swords to not benefit from Ammo Reserves armor mods.
Fixed an issue causing the Hunters Golden Gun Super to benefit from Kinetic Surge armor mods.
Fixed an issue where the Season 20 Guardian Games class items were not available as armor ornaments.
Added unkindled versions of both the Candescent and Sunlit universal ornaments for all classes.
For Guardians that unlocked the armor glows for these sets during Solstice, both versions will be available to unlock in the Appearance screen.
Guardians that have not unlocked the glows will not see any changes to these sets in their available ornaments.
The Warlock armor Psionic Speaker Robes, Resolute Champion Robes, and Wraps of the Emperor's Minister have had their visual issues fixed.
Fixed an issue that caused the Hunter chest armor Vest of the Taken King to be invisible when worn in the H.E.L.M.
Weapons
Global
PvE kills with two Special weapons equipped now generate Heavy ammo at the same rate as two Primaries or one Primary and one Special.
Decoupled damage falloff from zoom.
Added a fixed ADS Damage Falloff Scalar to all guns with damage falloff (see Dev Insights: Season 22 Weapons Preview for details).
Reticles
Replaced the perk active hipfire reticle element. The new one should work better at different field-of-view (FOV) settings.
Added a perk active indicator to Symmetry.
Moved Grand Overture's charge meter further down the screen to reduce instances of overlapping other reticle elements.
Weapon Archetypes
Hand Cannons
Increased reload speed at 0 stat by 15%.
Increased damage against minor combatants (red bars) by 20%.
Increased damage against major combatants (orange bars) by 75%.
Changed Warden's Law to be the first member of a new sub-family, Heavy Burst.
Fires a 2-round burst.
Bows
Reduced minimum reload animation duration from 0.5 seconds to 0.3 seconds. (This means that applying reload speed scalars on top of high reload stat will still have an effect.)
Increased the projectile velocity at full draw so that the projectiles will continue to perform as if they were hit scan at longer distances at higher framerates.
Equalized the full draw projectile velocity with Combat Bows.
Fixed the RPM stat of Aggressive Submachine Guns to correctly show 720 RPM.
Reduced Aggressive Sidearms base damage from 32 to 30.
Increased BxR Battler Pulse Rifles zoom back to 20.
Fixed the impact stat on The Comedian Shotgun. This is cosmetic only, damage per pellet is unchanged.
Fixed an issue where the Adept Masterworks and Enhanced Intrinsic perks for Fusion Rifles were decreasing the damage dealt by fusions when they changed the Charge Time stat.
Wave Frame Heavy Grenade Launchers
Reduced the size and damage of the self-damage AOE.
This should make it much safer to fire the projectile closer to your feet.
Swords
Sword guard has been reworked. Energy now recharges after a short delay when used but recharges much faster.
The delay before recharge and recharge rate are both governed by the guard charge rate stat.
This delay ranges between 2.7 seconds and 1.05 seconds, depending on charge rate.
The rate energy returns after the delay has massively increased to compensate, increasing even more at higher charge rate. Even after the delay, Swords now return to full energy from empty faster than before this rework.
Full-power heavy attacks can now be used with any non-zero amount of Sword energy, rather than requiring full sword energy.
Sword guard damage resistance has been massively increased and now provides between 82.5% and 95% damage reduction depending on guard resistance stat.
This damage resistance value is sharply reduced against other players, similar to glaives, providing between 52.5% and 65% damage reduction depending on guard resistance stat.
Sword guard no longer loses energy when taking damage.
As a result of the above, guard efficiency has been removed as a stat.
Sword guard duration increased across every guard type, with those with shortest durations benefiting most.
Sword guard talent nodes have had their stats squished down.
Combined with the above, even though their stats have been reduced, their damage reduction, charge rates, and guard durations have increased across the board.
This allows origin traits and other Sword perks more room to increase these stats and allow performance beyond their previous maximum.
Sword guard talent nodes now visually affect the Charge Rate bar on the inspection screen when hovered or selected, similar to other stat-affecting nodes.
Sword movement speed while blocking increased from a 0.75x multiplier to 0.85x multiplier.
The Lament Exotic Sword has been special-cased so its charge rate and delay are unaffected, but it still benefits from the increased guard damage reduction and duration.
Exotic Weapons
Fixed an issue where ammo was loading into Quicksilver Storm slightly too late in the reload animation.
Fixed the impact stat on Dead Man's Tale. This is cosmetic only, damage per bullet is unchanged.
Two-Tailed Fox's catalyst perk Third Tail has been reworked. Two-Tailed Fox now fires all 3 shots burst-fire with the catalyst, instead of firing 3 rockets in 2 bursts.
This improves the weapon's consistency and prevents situations where the rockets could collide mid-flight.
Slightly increased the direct impact damage of the catalyst Arc rocket.
Verglas Curve
Whisper of Fissures detonations now generate Hail Barrage stacks if the crystal was created by this weapon.
Shiver Quiver now activates when slowing enemies.
Increased the slow stacks from 40 to 60 when hitting players directly with Hail Barrage arrows. This allows for a freeze if two Hail Barrage arrows hit the same player.
Le Monarque
Reduced draw time from 684 milliseconds to 612 milliseconds.
Reduced body shot damage from 100 to 85.
Increased critical hit multiplier from 1.5x to 1.6x. (Crit damage against players goes from 150 to 136.)
Reduced DoT burn time from 3s to 1.75s (goes from 8 ticks to 6).
Increased DoT burn damage against players from 1.875 to 2.5 per tick. (Burn damage also increased in PvE by 50%.)
Vex Mythoclast
RPM reduced from 390 to 360 to match other high-impact Auto Rifles.
Increased damage against minor combatants (red bars) and major combatants (orange bars) by 25%.
Tommys Matchbook Scorch values updated to 15 +5. Was 14 + 7 (with the Ember of Ashes fragment equipped).
Touch of Malice
Increased Final Round damage in PvE by 20%.
Decreased the self-damage from the final round from 10 to 7.
Final round damage can no longer kill the user.
Increased the health awarded by the Touch of Mercy perk from 30 to 75.
Set up Touch of Mercy to work like Unrelenting (Guardians and major combatants give more points towards activation, increased the time allowed between kills).
Ball of Darkness now appropriately deals Arc damage and will blind combatants and stun Unstoppable Champions.
Fixed an issue with Malfeasance where the Vorpal Weapon catalyst wasn't displaying the status buff text.
Reduced the lethal kill distance of Cloudstrikes lightning strike against players.
Wicked Implement
Timing window for Creeping Attrition has been increased from 3.5 seconds to 4.5 seconds.
Tithing Harvest can now also be activated by destroying Stasis crystals.
Wicked Implement Exotic catalyst now also includes the Headstone perk.
Centrifuse
Fixed an issue where Centrifuse could blind some non-combatant, non-player objects, like doors, resulting in a visual-only debuff indicator.
Fixed an issue where Centrifuse's blind did not respect the direction a player was facing. Players who face away from the blind detonation will now suffer less visual impact than if they were looking directly at it, similar to other sources of blind.
Perks
Reduced Bipods damage penalty from 40% to 25%.
Envious Assassin
There is no longer a time limit after kills within which you have to activate the perk or get another kill.
The perk will now activate even if the magazine is overflowed (will stop activating once you hit maximum magazine size of 2.5x or greater).
Enhanced Envious Assassin now provides fractionally more ammo per kill, instead of a longer window of time after a kill.
Under-Over
Now provides bonus body shot damage against players with Woven Mail.
Increased the bonus damage against combatant shields.
Deals significantly increased damage to enemies who are enhanced by a Dark Cabal overshield in addition to enemies shielded by Lucent Moths.
Reduced Under Pressures maximum accuracy cone scalar from 0.5 to 0.75.
Shoot to Loot
No longer triggers the reload when shooting a Special brick that could not be picked up while also having an overflowed weapon equipped.
Explosive damage now interacts with Orbs of Power.
Valiant Charge now deactivates after the initial Sword swing.
Ambush no longer deactivates from healing, fall damage, or being shot by allies.
Fixed an issue where the enhanced version of Explosive Light was granting two stacks on the initial orb pickup.
Chill Clip
Reduced the slow stacks from 60 to 40.
Wolfpack Rounds no longer trigger this perk.
Fixed a number of other issues:

Fixed an issue where the Vexcalibur ornament would be reset during reshaping.
Fixed an issue where the Revision Zero pattern Triumph could not be claimed despite the pattern being unlocked.
Fixed an issue where a level requirement was shown on enhanced intrinsics in the shaping screen (enhanced weapons only).
Fixed a number of issues where damage types were not being properly detected on weapons, preventing Artifact perks related to damage from proccing.
Fixed an issue where Deepsight drop rates could decrease slightly as the number of patterns within a weapon set were unlocked.
Fixed an issue with Swap Mag's tooltip appearance in the shaping screen.
Fixed an issue where tracking weapon projectiles would not track Threaded Specter decoys.
Fixed an issue that allowed Wish_Ender to hit more times than intended when shooting through a Citan's Ramparts barricade.
We've reworked a number of catalyst objectives in an effort to standardize the behavior of unlocking these perks.

Fighting Lion
Reduced the number of total kills required.
Reduced the number of total bounties required for completion (with event bounties worth a bit more).
Reduced the number of total kills needed with the Sunshot Sun Blast perk detonation.
Reduced the number of kills required with Graviton Lances Cosmology perk.
Reduced the number of kills required to bring Skyburners Oath more in line with other Primary weapons.
Reduced the number of kills required to bring Legend of Acrius closer to other Heavy weapons.
Rat King
This catalyst will now progress through use by the player, not only from fireteam use.
Additional players in your fireteam using Rat King will provide bonus progression toward your catalyst.
With how we've tuned D.A.R.C.I. to involve jolt, you often run out of targets to headshot. Therefore, we've reduced the number of headshots required to complete the catalyst.
Leviathan's Breath
Reduced the number of kills required.
Updated the string to denote that bonus progression is applied from defeating higher tier enemies.
Reduced the number of kills required to bring Erianas Vow more in parity with other Special weapons.
Reduced the number of kills to bring Ruinous Effigy closer to other Special weapons.
Other Crafting Changes

Dead Man's Tale and Dead Messenger can now be crafted. Patterns and upgrades can be obtained from Presage and Vox Obscura, respectively.
Weapon level progression per kill in PvP modes has been increased slightly.
Weapon level progression for activity completions has been increased slightly for the following areas:
Crucible
Trials of Osiris
Dares of Eternity
Wellspring
Gambit
Platinum score completions of Master and Legend Lost Sectors
Weapon progression rollover behavior has been added. If weapon level progression earned from activity completion exceeds what is required to level up the weapon, the excess will now be applied to the next level.
Resonant and Harmonic Alloys have been removed from weapon crafting costs and will no longer drop from dismantling specific weapons. Players can exchange their existing inventory of these Alloys for Glimmer by visiting Rahool in the Tower.
Crafted and Enhanced Weapons now have a new mod socket visible in the inspection screen for weapon level boosting. Players can use Glimmer and Enhancement Cores to apply a Weapon Level Boost mod to directly level their weapon with escalating costs as the weapon level increases.
The Neomuna weekly pinnacle story mission score challenge will now provide guaranteed pattern progress the first time it is completed each week for any Neomuna crafted weapons you have not unlocked.
The Neomuna vendor engram upgrade will now increase the drop chance of Deepsight Neomuna weapons. This bonus will be automatic if you've already claimed the vendor engram upgrade.
The Throne World vendor engram upgrade will now increase the drop chance of Deepsight Throne World weapons. This bonus will be automatic if you've already claimed the vendor engram upgrade.
Combatants
Increased the time before an Incendior gas tank on the ground explodes. Added grenade proximity indicators to them when they are primed for explosion.
This should give you more time to react and also reduce the seemingly instant explosions from boss stomps.
Scorn Stalkers will deal consistent damage to all Guardians regardless of framerate.
Bounties and Pursuits
Shortened Banshee-44s comments on the Centrifuge catalyst quest Higher Voltage.
Added progress on the Xenology quest when doing the Exotic Cipher quest on regular or enhanced difficulty (4 points for regular difficulty, 7 for enhanced difficulty).
Step 4 of the Void and Solar Mastery pursuits now display correct objectives.
Subclass Mastery pursuits now display correct text strings, when associated items are equipped.
Fixed an issue preventing the 21% Delerium Machine Gun and Hush Bow from contributing progress for the Dark Age Arsenal Triumph. All of Season of the Deep's reckoning reprise weapons and their Taken counterparts have been allowed to contribute progress as well.
Wish-Ender pursuit has been reconfigured to no longer require 3 effectively permanent inventory items to store quest state. These items have been removed from inventory. If you own any Forsaken entitlement and do not have the Wish-Ender pursuit, visit Petra or the Quest Terminal to acquire it!
There is a new Strand Aspect available at the Meditation Pool for any player who completed the Veil Containment quest.
Rewards
MK .44 Stand Asides and Khepri's Horn now drop from the appropriate Red War focused engrams.
Ascendant Shards, Ascendant Alloys, and Enhancement Prisms no longer go to the Postmaster, but any that were with the Postmaster are still recoverable. Ascendant Alloys and Ascendant Shards now have a cap of 30. Enhancement Prisms have a new cap of 100.
Fixed a missing Salvage Chest reward indicator on the Master Salvage node in the Director.
Vendors
(NEW) Special Deliveries Kiosk - Promotional rewards that were previously claimable from Amanda Holliday and Master Rahool will now be delivered to and claimable at the Special Deliveries Kiosk in The Tower. It is located between Master Rahool and Banshee-44. Examples of items moving include: Prime Drops, Secret Stash rewards, pre-order items, and Annual Pass/Collectors Edition rewards, among others.
Fixed an issue where preorder rewards for Forsaken and Lightfall were not delivered to Shaw Han.
Non-Seasonal vendor engrams are once again cleared at the end of each Season. Seasonal vendor engrams remain for the entire year.
Focused engram previews now show items at the same power they focus at.
For engram focusing that requires a specific yearly expansion to utilize (Exotic decryption on Rahool for example) the warning message telling you about the entitlement requirement (if you don't have it) should come before any other warning message on the decryption item.
Focusable Exotic engrams on Rahool now have previews that show all armor pieces your class could receive from that engram, or what pieces you need to acquire before you can focus it!
Previews for Legendary armor focusing now show custom armor perks if the armor has one.
Updated Light 3.0 ability tooltip error message in subclass screen to indicate if a meditation is necessary.
The Talk to Shaxx objective message is no longer triggered (that Shaxx interaction was previously removed).
Fixed an issue where Ikora was saying an incorrect line for purchasing a Fragment if a player hasnt unlocked Aspects for that subclass.
Stasis acquisition on the Exo Stranger has been converted to the new vendor subclass system. Quest rewards that previously granted Stasis currency have had their rewards changed.
An engram tracker can now be recovered from the Sonar Station (in addition to other vendors, such as the War Table) once deleted.
Localization
Mandarin voiceover support is now available across all content in Destiny 2 for players with their language set to Simplified Chinese.
Updated Korean translations for Festival of the Lost.
General
Loadout improvements

Equipping a loadout will no longer fail when swapping between similar mods (e.g., class item finisher mods like restorative finisher and special finisher) where you can only have one equipped at a time.
Equipping a loadout with mod or perk selections that are no longer legal will now be able to successfully equip more of the original selections.
Seasonal Artifact perks can no longer be changed while in an activity with locked loadouts.
Orbs of Power have had their physics layer reworked, bringing them in line with pre-patch 7.1.0 behavior.
They should no longer roll all over the place.
New and persistent flashing on the vendor upgrade node was fixed after additional upgrades were awarded.
Collections
Corrected the Collections entry for the Outrunner ornament for Arbalest.
Fixed an issue where a promotional emote would erroneously appear in the Recently Discovered feed in Collections.
Added a Resources tab to Collections where you can find information about all currencies and materials found in the game.
Transmats are now considered account-unlocks, and any Transmat in Collections will be available from your Ship Transmat menu. Any existing Transmat items can be safely dismantled.

Destiny 2 Update 7.1.5.3
Activities
Battlegrounds
Unstoppable Champions kills are now properly counted in PsiOps Battleground: Moon Nightfall.
Trials of Osiris
Drop rates for In Memoriam Ghost from Trials of the Osiris have been improved.
General
Players are now able to claim "It's in the cards" reward from Suraya Hawthorne.

Destiny 2 Update 7.1.5.2
Activities
Solstice
Fixed an issue where not all expected activities on Neomuna were counting towards the Solstice challenge In the Hot Seat.
Enabled Sparrows in the Bonfire Bash activity.
Get your zoom-zoom on.
Fixed an issue where players were unable to finish the quest A Guardian in Shining Armor.
UI/UX
Fixed an issue where the Lightfall tooltip wasn't mentioning the current Season.
Fixed an issue where some Solstice items were missing from the Collections tab.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Fixed an issue where the armor mods Bolstering Detonation, Focusing Strike, Impact Induction, and Momentum Transfer could provide more ability energy than intended.
Power and Progression
Fixed an issue where the Warlock Aspect Child of the Old Gods would not provide the right amount of health and ability energy.
Guardian Ranks
Removed objective to rank up the seasonal vendor from Rank 6 to allow all players to access Armor Charge Mods.

Destiny 2 Update 7.1.5.1
Activities
Deep Dives
Join In Progress has been enabled for Deep Dive activities during gameplay sections of activities.
Seasonal Activities
Fixed the number of surges/skulls applied to multiple Vanguard Ops Playlist activities & Seasonal activities.
Experience is now properly being awarded for Weapon Crafting via Solstice Bonfire activity.
Player progression in Solstice is no longer blocked by completing Kindling objective early.
Gameplay and Investment
ARMOR
Fixed an issue with Utility Kickstart that was allowing more class ability energy to be gained than intended.
ABILITIES
Fixed an issue that allowed players to cancel the activation of their Super by picking up a Diamond Lance during cast causing them to regain ability energy.
General
Fixed an issue where people launchers would repeatedly play their SFX.
Clarified the objective text for Week 5 Seasonal Challenge "Battle Rhythm"must earn progress in Ritual activities specifically.

Destiny 2 Update 7.1.5
Activities
CRUCIBLE
Adjusted spawn points on Burnout for Trials of Osiris Dominion.
Fixed some positions where players could get outside of the playable area on these maps:
Radiant Cliffs
Altar of Flame
Fixed an issue where the voiceover at the end of Mayhem matches would not play.
FREEROAM
Neomuna
Fixed an issue where Terminal Overload could stop progressing at Stage 3.
UI/UX
Fixed an issue where the Guardian Ranks icon decorations for higher ranks were missing.
Fixed an issue where Season Pass ranks past 100 were not being properly registered on the Journey screen.
Fixed an issue where the reward for rank 71 on the Season Pass was not unlocking properly.
This issue was only visual, and the boost was properly applied when unlocked.
Fixed an issue where the Eververse featured carousel sound effect could be heard while previewing other items.
Gameplay and Investment
ARMOR
Fixed an issue where dexterity mods were not providing the proper benefits to weapon's ready speed.
Fixed an issue where the Stronghold Exotic gauntlets were not properly extending the duration of restoration based on the number of shots blocked and causing it to grant restoration on dealing damage with any Sword.
Now applies restoration after blocking damage immediately after a swing and extends its duration based on the number of enemy attacks blocked.
Fixed an issue where the Blight Ranger Exotic helmet was consuming Super energy while guarding.
Fixed an issue where the NPA Weir-Walker armor sets had inconsistent glowing effects.
Fixed an issue where the Channeling Robes chest armor was missing a texture.
WEAPONS
General

Fixed an issue where Stasis weapons with splash damage were dealing less damage than intended to Stasis crystals.
The New Pacific Epitaph Grenade Launcher was a notable example of this.
Fixed an issue where Season of the Deep's reprised Reckoning weapons would incorrectly apply a Taken visual effects to their ornaments.
This patch note has been updated to better address the issue fixed.
Fixed an issue where the Until Its Return Legendary Shotgun showed a slightly displaced glare.
Fixed an issue where enhanced weapons could not apply nor preview Memento shaders.
Fixed an issue where the Targeted Redaction Hand Cannon was using the incorrect firing animation.
This aggressive-frame Hand Cannon was using the recoil pattern from the lightweight frame, giving it a marginally unintentional advantage.
Pulse Rifles

At 0 Aim Assist, reduced the auto aim angle by ~10%.
Bows

Lightweight
Increased final accuracy by ~10%.
Developer note: In the mid-Season patch preview we erroneously included a change to lightweight Bow damage falloff distance. Bows do not currently have damage falloff, in large part due to an issue where they could fail to be hit scan at longer ranges. This can cause inconsistent hit registration, so also having them lose damage felt overly punishing. In Season 22 we have corrected the issue, and we preemptively set Bows up to be able to have damage falloff, but it is not currently enabled.
Submachine Guns

Precision
Improved the dynamic reticle for Shayura's Wrath when aiming down sights.
Shotguns

Lightweight
Reduced the spread angle of the outer horizontal pellets by 15%.
Exotics

Graviton Lance
Increased PvE damage by 67%.
Removed the extra aim assist provided by the catalyst.
Reduced the damage dealt to players by the Cosmology explosion by 40%.
Damage in PvE unchanged.
No Time To Explain
Reduced range stat by 10.
Fighting Lion
Fixed an issue where the Chimera perk on the catalyst wasn't applying the buffs to Kinetic and Power weapons.
The Navigator
Fixed an issue where the catalyst perk timer was not showing in the buff tray.
Cerberus+1
Reduced damage to Stasis crystals.
Perks & Traits

Gutshot Straight
Reduced auto-aim penalty by 37.5%.
Slickdraw
Reduced auto-aim penalty by 33%.
Target Lock
Reduced maximum damage versus players from 40% to 25%.
Damage in PvE unchanged.
ABILITIES
Stasis

Whisper of Rime
Reduce max overshield amount from 100 hp to 50 hp.
Reduce overshield gain per Stasis Shard from 12.5 hp to 5 hp.
Non-player combatants now deal 50% damage to Whisper of Rime overshield.
Whisper of Chains
Reduced damage reduction in PvP from 15% to 5%.
Strand

Threaded Specter, Flechette Storm, and The Wanderer will now display unique icons in the kill-feed in PvP activities.
Fixed an issue where Threadlings were colliding and detonating near Supremacy crests.
Fixed an issue where The Wanderer Aspect erroneously showed the Threadlings flyout tutorial.
BOUNTIES AND PURSUITS
Fixed an issue where the Standard Fare bounty would not progress on Kinetic weapons kills.
COMBATANTS
Fixed an issue where Tormentor's abilities were missing some visual effects.
General
LOCALIZATION
Korean
Fixed a mismatch with audio and subtitles when interacting with Cayde's memorial in the Tower.
Various languages
Fixed an issue where some descriptions in the Loadouts screen would overflow their text boxes.
Fixed some volume inconsistencies when playing the archive recordings in the Veil Containment mission.

Destiny 2 Update 7.1.0.3
Activities
CRUCIBLE
Fixed an issue where the Powerlifter Triumph could be completed before gilding the Glorious Seal.
Competitive: Improved matchmaking times at higher skill tiers.
Trials of Osiris: Fixed an issue where some players were unable to access the game mode while on step 3 of the introductory quest.
Trials of Osiris: Increased the drop rate of Adept weapons on 7-win cards after going Flawless that week.
RAIDS AND DUNGEONS
Ghosts of the Deep: Fixed an issue where players could respawn outside the final encounter's arena.
COMMENDATIONS
Fixed an issue where players could not access the Commendations screen after using the Wish Wall in The Last Wish Raid.
Fixed an issue where players could not access the Commendations screen after finishing a Deep Dive activity.
FISHING
Fixed an issue where the new Exotic fish Whispering Mothcarp could not be obtained.
Gameplay and Investment
ARMOR
Updated the Cenotaph Mask description to correctly state its perk behavior. The description has been updated to the following:
Steadily reloads a portion of your equipped Trace Rifle's magazine from reserves. Damaging a vehicle, boss, or Champion with a Trace Rifle marks them as the target. When an ally defeats the marked target, Special ammo is generated for you and Heavy ammo for your allies.
Fixed an issue where the rebound wave from Khepri's Horn was not dealing damage to enemies already damaged by the first wave.
Fixed an issue where the Couturier Longcoat ornament would show a hole underneath the right arm. If the issue persists, Warlocks are advised to contact their local Tower tailor.
WEAPONS
Fixed an issue where both Sweet Business and Telesto explosions could damage enemies through walls or other geometry.
Fixed an issue where Hollow Denial's sound effects could trigger sensitivity episodes for players with Semicircular Canal Dehiscence (SSCD).
Fixed an issue where unlocking the pattern for the Bump in the Night required a Season 17 entitlement to unlock.
VENDORS
Fixed an issue where the Eververse tab would experience slowdowns in PC.
Fixed an issue where Red War Exotic focusing could award incorrect Exotics.
General
LOCALIZATION
Chinese

Fixed an issue where audio would not play during a Forsaken cinematic.
Fixed an issue where a few subtitles did not correspond to the audio.

Destiny 2 Update 7.1.0.2
Activities
Crucible
Fixed an issue where the Dazzling Iridescence Trials emblem could be awarded from the Flawless chest without completing the necessary requirements.
Players who have already acquired the emblem will need to complete the requirements after this patch goes live in order to equip the emblem.
Fixed an issue with spawn trapping that could occur on meltdown.
Raids and Dungeons
Fixed an issue where players can damage bosses in Ghosts of the Deep through immunity shields.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Gyrfalcon's Hauberk's reserve overshield now deploys when a player uses Ensnaring Slam.
Fixed an issue where Khepri's Horn could disable various non-enemy objects.
Fixed an issue where Vesper of Radius's effects were triggering on things other than casting a rift.
Fixed an issue where Point-Contact Cannon Brace would create lightning strikes on melees other than Thunderclap.
Fixed an issue where becoming frozen would disable Arbor Warden's Exotic perk.
Fixed an issue where Arbor Warden would cause the Juggernaut aspect to not interact with your class ability energy correctly.
Fixed an issue causing Sunbracers to not improve Solar grenades.
Fixed an issue causing Helm of Saint-14 to not provide any effects.
Fixed an issue causing Verity's Brow to not function in PvP.
Fixed an issue causing No Backup Plans to buff non-Shotgun damage in certain situations.
Fixed an issue where Athrys's Embrace's buff icon wasn't appearing in the HUD in PvP.
The artifact perks Amped Up and Electric Armor no longer have their perk names switched.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where some older Iron Banner Special/Power weapons had lost their scope glint.
Fixed an issue where purchasing a Last Wish deepsight weapon from Hawthorne would unintentionally award bonus pattern progress on top of the progress provided by consuming the deepsight on the weapon itself.
Increased the size of the red dot in Mecurial Overreach's scope to respond to player feedback.
Reduced the Collective Action weapon perk's damage against Guardians to 10%, (from 20%).
Changed the Navigator's intrinsic trait icon.
Abilities
Fixed an issue where certain thrown projectiles were able to over penetrate allied Titan Barricades.
Fixed an issue where Arc Jolt damage to minor combatants was lower than intended following the scaling changes in 7.1.0.
Commerce/Eververse
Fixed an issue where the Twitch sub bounty emblem, Pulsar Approaching, is not re-acquirable or equippable.
Triumphs
The "Second Reckoning" Triumph now displays the correct weapon names.
The "Spend Salvage Keys" Triumph now correctly progresses when a Salvage Key is spent instead of erroneously progressing the "Spend Deep Dive Keys" Triumph.
Fixed an issue on the Ambitious Angler Triumph where all players were getting credit for one player catching an exotic fish.
General
Weekly Challenges for Vanguard Ops and Gambit now reward the correct number of Exotic engrams.
Re-enabling Tier 1 Exotic Focusing on Master Rahool.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 6/02/23
GENERAL
Due to an issue, the Khepri's Horn exotic Titan helmet has been disabled in all activities.
Iron Banner's gametype has changed from Control to Eruption.

Destiny 2 Update 7.1.0.1
Activities
Crucible
Fixed an issue where all players could hear all Crest pick-up sounds in the game mode Supremacy.
Salvage
Fixed an issue causing players to lose connection to the activity during the Boss encounter.
Guardian Ranks
Fixed an issue in which the Champ title was not counting for progress related to Guardian Ranks objectives.
Fixed an issue in which the Rank 7 objective Centrifuse was not progressing when using the weapon in PvP.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Exotic armor focused at Rahool now has similar stats to dropped Exotic armor.
Fixed an issue where the Exotic Warlock helm Cenotaph Mask didnt have the correct description.
Weapons
The two second window where a weapon cannot be fired after swapping to it from the inventory screen was reduced to ~1 second.
Reduced the size and intensity of the muzzle flash on the Perpetualis Auto Rifle.
Fixed an issue where Dark Decider did not have firing audio.
Trials Glaive Unexpected Resurgence:
Moved Impulse Amplifier from the right trait column to the left.
Added Swashbuckler and Voltshot to the right trait column.
Abilities
Fixed an issue where Hunters could lose their Suspending Slam after being revived.
Bounties and Pursuits
Fixed an issue where some players were unable to progress the Into the Depths pursuit due to the H.E.L.M. portal not appearing.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 5/26/23
GENERAL
Due to an issue where the Warlock's Vesper of Radius Exotic can create chain explosions, it has been disabled until a fix can be implemented.
Fixed an issue where completing Crucible matches on Meltdown was not rewarding pursuit or objective progress.
Fixed an issue allowing players to acquire duplicate rewards from the Subclass Mastery quests.
Fixed an issue causing Exotic focusing to drop with lower stat rolls than intended.

Destiny 2 Update 7.1.0 - Season of the Deep
Activities
Crucible
Supremacy has been added to the Relentless rotation.
Supremacy will go live in week 4 of Season of the Deep.
Supremacy uses standard connection-based matchmaking and does not provide enhanced Super regeneration on crest pickup.
Go wild, don't be scared.
Lord Shaxx has a special treat for any Guardians who have completed their Competitive Division placement matches and are Silver III or above.
The Season 20 Ascendant emblem is no longer available to purchase and has been replaced by a new Season 21 Ascendant emblem.
Trials of Osiris
The game mode for Trials of Osiris is moving from Elimination to Dominion.
The intro quest has been updated to better serve as an onboarding path to Trials, and it now offers new players a reward for completing it.
The Flawless pool will no longer activate on Sunday, and the Challenger and Practice soft pools will be active all weekend. ("Soft" means that matchmaking initially prefers not to blend the pools but will, if necessary to find a good game quickly.)
If you are on your first game of the week or playing on a card with a loss recorded on it, you will be placed in the Practice pool.
The Practice pool utilizes weekly performance and connection-based matchmaking.
If you are playing on Flawless card or playing with someone on a Flawless card, you will be placed in the Challenger pool.
The Challenger pool utilizes only connection-based matchmaking.
Matchmaking no longer filters by wins on a card.
An issue has been corrected that was causing lobby balancing to exist in solo and duo Trials matches. All players in the Challenger pool will have their skill overwritten with the same value to effectively randomize the lobbies.
Going Flawless for the first time in a Season will now award a Seasonal Flawless shader for use on any piece of gear.
The Passage of Mercy will now forgive two losses if you have not yet been Flawless for the week.
After you have gone Flawless, the Passage of Mercy will revert to forgiving a single loss for subsequent attempts.
The Passage of Wealth now grants bonus Trials reputation on all wins.
The bonus amount increases in proportion to your major Trials rank.
After going Flawless for the week, any win on a 7-win card (regardless of whether the card is Flawless or not) will have a chance to drop the weekly Adept weapon.
This bonus reward was previously exclusive to the Flawless pool starting on Sunday, but it will now be active all weekend and does not require you to be in a specific pool.
The chance of getting an Adept from a win has been slightly reduced to account for the increased duration and availability of the bonus.
The Gilded Flawless requirements have been updated.
A new emblem has been added which is rewarded for going Flawless without ever trailing in any wins on the card.
Neomuna Freeroam
Upgraded Super/Ability Kills Patrol to a Gold Patrol to better reward players.
Fixed an issue where some Strand kills were not counting towards patrol progress.
Raids
Last Wish, Deepstone Crypt, Vow of the Disciple, Vault of Glass, and Kingsfall have all had Exotic drop chance boosters added to several existing Triumphs.
Completing these Triumphs gives increased chance of initial drop of the Exotic when killing the final boss of the raid.
Fixed an issue where players would sometimes crash during the final encounter against Oryx in King's Fall.
Fixed an issue where players would be able to kill Nezarec in Root of Nightmares during his Last Stand wipe animation.
Fixed an issue where players navigating with Strand grapple would sometimes soft lock the traversal to the Macrocosm encounter in Root of Nightmares.
Adjusted tracking properties of some projectile attacks from Nezarec in Root of Nightmares.
Developer's Note:Some projectiles were traveling higher than intended that would make it difficult for players to see on their screen. We've made them travel slightly more horizontally for better predictability.
Fixed an issue where players progressing backwards in Root of Nightmares to the hidden chest location in the Scission encounter space would see Cavum of Nezarec in a T-Pose and be unable to defeat it.
Fixed an issue where some VFX was not presented while completing nodes in traversals between encounters in Root of Nightmares.
Dungeons

Fixed an issue where Needlestorm would push Akelous in Spire of the Watcher away from the playable spaces.
Fixed an issue where the player that casts Well of Radiance would do more than intended damage against Persys in Spire of the Watcher.
Fixed an issue where the Rally Banner would sometimes remain active after starting Akelous, the Siren's encounter in Spire of the Watcher.
Fixed an issue where Persys in Spire of the Watcher could be indefinitely staggered with some weapons.
Fixed an issue where the player that casts Well of Radiance would do more than intended damage against Persys in Spire of the Watcher.
Developer's Note: Reduced from 2x damage &gt; 1.5x damage if you were the caster for Well of Radiance. Wyvern's typically receives more damage from Supers by design, but it's not desired to have as high of a damage intake for bosses.
Fixed an unintended interaction between sandbox abilities and defeated combatant bodies that would cause Persys in Spire of the Watcher to be deleted.
Fixed a rare issue where players would not be able to farm Artifice armor in Master difficult of Grasp of Avarice while it's active in the rotator.
Fixed an issue where the Spire of the Watcher emblems appeared in the Raids collection category instead of the World collections category.
All dungeon Triumphs for Solo, Flawless, and Solo Flawless descriptions are updated to explicitly mention it must be done without leaving the activity in order for it to count.
UI/UX
The Inspection Screen and Eververse Preview Screens have been updated with several enhancements:
Weapons and weapon ornaments can be rotated while In the Inspection screen and Eververse Preview Screen.
Weapons that have ambient VFX will now display within the Inspection screen and Eververse Preview Screen.
Ships can now be rotated while in the Inspection Screen and Eververse Preview screen.
Ship engine contrails can now be previewed in the same way Sparrows can.
Removed depth of field blur from all Inspection screens.
Players will now have the option to swap their Confirm / Cancel buttons in the settings Button Layout Input subscreen.
The Journey Page has been updated to include a new way for memorialization for previously attained Guardian Ranks, Commendation Score Total, and Season Pass Ranks.
Fixed an issue in which the active Triumph score did not fit in one line in the Triumphs page.
Fixed an issue in which the Those Held Dear emblem was not displaying correctly upon hovering.
Added a visual indicator that displays on top of a title Seal and Triumphs when there are unclaimed objectives.
Tweaked a visual adjustment to the indicator tracking objectives in the Journey page to be smaller in size.
Fixed an issue in which the Mark All as Seen button in Collections was no longer working as intended.
Added a visual treatment to the tracked objectives area in the Journey Page that highlights when auto objective tracker is On/Off.
Added an additional yellow coloring for subtitle text.
Fixed an issue in which Text Chat's Auto Hide settings were not being applied correctly.
Fixed an issue on the Director in which the clouds and certain visual effects on Neptune would disappear.
Fixed an issue on the Director where clipping was present on effects related to the Dreaming City and Luna.
Added streak information to ritual rank tooltips associated with the rank display on the launch overlay for playlist activities.
Fixed an issue where certain stat headers on the Post Game Carnage Report in certain languages would incorrectly break a single character to a second line.
Added an icon to the Director to indicate what planet the active Legend/Master Lost Sector is.
Fixed interlude/objective totem overlays to be more responsive to text content.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Exotic Armor Tuning
Hunter
Sealed Ahamkara Grasps: Now reloads the magazine of all of your weapons when you defeat a target with your powered melee, and for 5 seconds after dealing melee damage you gain increased movement speed and jump height.
Athrys's Embrace: Gain additional strength while the Weighted Knife damage bonus is active.
Oathkeeper: When fully drawn, Bows gain a bonus to damage against combatants that increases as you hold the draw but deactivates after a few seconds.
Raiju's Harness: When deactivating your Arc Staff Super, you create a blinding explosion that temporarily increases your Arc weapon damage. Super energy refunded upon deactivation was increased. However, blocking with Whirlwind Guard will no longer consume energy more slowly and the Super drains 30% slower down from 50% slower.
Radiant Dance Machines: Kills while your free dodge is active extend the duration of free dodging. No longer deactivates when you get too far away from enemies. Deactivates after using Suspending Slam.
ST0MP-EE5: Removed airborne effectiveness penalties. You only gain the increased speed, slide distance, and improved jumping while your dodge energy is full.
Mask of Bakris: Changed to use the tier-4 non-stacking weapon damage bonus, increasing damage bonus in PvE from 10% to 25% and granting a 6% bonus to weapon damage in PvP.
Titan
Point-Contact Cannon Brace: Lightning strikes now jolt targets. Increased PvE damage per lightning bolt from 50 to 200. Being amplified now increases the damage of the lightning strikes by 50% instead of extending their range.
No Backup Plans: Provides a moderate benefit to the airborne effectiveness and reload speed of Shotguns. While you have a Void overshield, Shotguns deal additional damage and Shotgun final blows refresh your overshield. While using a Void subclass, rapid Shotgun final blows or defeating a powerful enemy with a Shotgun grants you a Void overshield and kicks off your health regeneration.
Second Chance: Shield throw melee now weakens enemies. Stunning a Barrier Champion with your shield throw melee grants a single full melee charge.
Stronghold: Replaced the healing from blocking shots precisely with significant damage reduction (50% in PvE, 10% in PvP) while blocking with a Sword. When you stop blocking, gain restoration x2, with a duration that increases based on the number of shots you blocked.
Eternal Warrior: Rapid takedowns with an Arc weapon grant an escalating bonus to Arc weapon damage, using the same non-stacking damage bonuses used by Surge mods. This can go all the way up to the tier-4 damage bonus, granting a damage bonus in PvE of 25% and granting a 6% bonus to weapon damage in PvP. While at the tier-4 damage bonus, Arc kills refresh the bonus's duration. After your Fist of Havoc Super ends, you gain the tier-4 damage bonus.
Khepri's Horn: The Solar damage wave now scorches targets.
Path of the Burning Steps: Changed to use the non-stacking weapon damage bonuses used by Surge mods. This can go all the way up to the tier-4 damage bonus, granting a damage bonus in PvE of 25% and granting a 6% bonus to weapon damage in PvP. While at the tier-4 damage bonus, Solar kills refresh the bonus's duration. Becoming encased immediately grants you the tier-4 damage bonus.
Dunemarchers: Reduced the range of the chain damage from 20m to 12m and PvP damage from 85 to 50.
Warlock
Vesper of Radius: Your rifts emit an Arc shockwave every 5 seconds that deals damage (200 in PvE, 70 in PvP). Enemies defeated by these shockwaves explode for an additional 100 damage. If you have an Arc subclass equipped, the shockwaves and the explosions created when they defeat an enemy also blind nearby enemies.
Chromatic Fire: Increased the radius and damage of the explosion created by prevision Kinetic takedowns. The explosion also applies a status effect to targets damaged by it, depending on which subclass you have equipped: blind (Arc), scorch (Solar), slow (Stasis), sever (Strand), weaken (Void).
Dawn Chorus: Daybreak projectiles deal increased damage. Daybreak damage bonus no longer limited to scorched enemies.
Sanguine Alchemy: Standing in a rift grants a non-stacking bonus to weapon damage matching your subclass damage type (17% PvE, 4.5% PvP).
Claws of Ahamkara: Powered melee kills create an Orb of Power. When Heavy Handed mods are equipped, increases the potency of the Orb spawned (no more than 1 Orb can be spawned per enemy takedown).
Mantle of Battle Harmony: Changed damage bonus to weapons when Super is full changed to tier-4 non-stacking weapon damage bonus, increasing damage bonus in PvE from 20% to 25% and reducing the damage bonus from 15% to 6% in PvP. Damage bonus only applies to weapons that match your subclass damage type, and now stacks with Empowering Rift and other similar damage bonuses. Extended base duration of this bonus from 6 seconds to 10 seconds (PvE) and 3 seconds to 5 seconds (PvP).
Ophidian Aspect: Removed the extended melee range.
Promethium Spur: Grants rift energy for any Solar weapon takedown, with more energy granted for Solar weapon takedowns while standing in a rift. You now have to be standing in a rift when you get a final blow for the Exotic to consume your class ability energy and create a rift at the target's location.
Starfire Protocol: Reduced the amount of energy gained per instance of damage from 20% to 2.5%. Empowered weapon kills now grant 20% grenade energy.
General
Fixed an issue causing Gyrfalcon's Hauberk to immediately deploy the granted reserve overshield if the player finished an enemy while having less than 10% class ability energy.
Fixed an issue with Ballidorse Wrathweavers that caused them to grant bonus weapon damage to non-Stasis weapons.
Speedloader Slack's buff now has unique text when displayed in the HUD.
Fixed an issue causing Severance Enclosure to not function on a Strand subclass.
Fixed an issue where using the Exotic armor Abeyant Leap would cause the Aspect Drengr's Lash to not gain increased suspend duration from the Fragment Thread of Continuity.
Fixed an issue with Swarmers that caused Threadlings created from Tangles to trigger the Fragment Thread of Fury.
Fixed an issue where Verity's Brow would grant bonus grenade energy to allies for longer than intended.
Updated the Citan's Ramparts perk description string to better reflect its behavior.
Armor mods
Added 2 new armor mods:
Powerful Attraction - when using your class ability, you collect all Orbs of Power within a radius determined by the number of copies of the mod you have equipped.
Elemental Charges - collecting the subclass collectible associated with your damage type (firesprites, ionic traces, Stasis shards, Void breaches) has an escalating chance to grant you a stack of Armor Charge; on Strand, this is granted by destroying Tangles.
Fixed an issue causing the Melee Kickstart mod to consume Armor Charge when the player used an unpowered melee attack.
Targeting, Dexterity, Loader, Reserve, Unflinching, Surge, and Holster mods now work correctly when a weapon changes damage type.
Fixed an issue causing the armor mod Distribution to grant Super energy.
Fixed an issue where ammo finder mods could trigger on non-weapon kills.
Multiple copies of the Reaper mod no longer provide any additional benefit.
Ensnaring Slam now counts as a class ability for relevant armor mods.
Fixed an issue causing three Resistance mods to not provide any additional benefit compared to two.
Fixed an issue causing swords attacks with no ammo to trigger the Heavy Handed mod.
Fixed an issue causing the Dynamo mod to extend active Supers when a class ability was used.
The Harmonic Resistance now displays a message while used on a Strand subclass indicating that it provides no benefit.
Miscellaneous
Fixed issues causing Artifice Armor from Spire of the Watcher and the Warlock Deep Explorer Boots to not be able to be made into armor ornaments.
Players can no longer reacquire the Season 17 or 18 Artifact from Collections.
Weapons

Global
A full-auto melee setting is now available.
Weapon Reticles
A setting to change the reticle color when it is over an enemy target is now available. Players can now change their hip-fire reticle color both in its normal state and in the state where it is above an enemy.
Weapon Crafting
Crafted and enhanced weapons using Special ammo now make slightly faster weapon progress from kills.
Weapon crafting components no longer require Legendary Shards. This change is excluded from weapon enhancing, which still requires Legendary Shards at enhancement tier 1.
Last Wish weapons can now be crafted. Each week, players can visit Hawthorne in the Tower to acquire a pursuit to complete all encounters of the Last Wish raid. Completion will award guaranteed Last Wish pattern progress until all patterns are acquired. In addition, completion of the pursuit will unlock a vendor exchange on Hawthorne for that week where players can spend Spoils of Conquest to purchase 1 additional Deepsight weapon from a selection of Last Wish weapons they've previously obtained.
Players can now obtain a limited number of Deepsight Harmonizers from the Season Pass. On a weapon with an available pattern that has never had Deepsight, a player can apply this currency to immediately give the weapon Deepsight for Pattern Extraction through Deepsight Activation." Weapons will have an information section display if a weapon is available for Deepsight Activation.
Fixed an issue where crafted Bows were not getting their stats upgraded when reaching Level 20.
The Marsilion-C Heavy Grenade Launcher pattern Triumph has been removed as this weapon can't be shaped nor enhanced.
Fixed an issue where Memento trackers were not working on Imperial Decree, Goldtusk, Throne-Cleaver and Death's Razor.
Fixed an issue preventing crafted Menagerie weapons with Memento Trackers from tracking progress.
Weapon Archetypes
Updated tier-10 Masterwork stats provided on Adept weapons so Bows, Glaives, and Fusion Rifles properly inherit +3 to all stats they can roll as Masterwork options.
Fixed an issue where Adept mods could be inserted into non-Adept weapons.
Non-Adept weapons with an Adept mod inserted will have their perk deactivated.
Shotguns
Fixed an issue causing Shotgun reticles to be visible in some circumstances they shouldn't.
Shotgun reticles should no longer be visible while sprinting, and in finishers, emoting, and other third-person actions.
Fixed an issue where the brief rate of fire increases on Aggressive Shotguns after getting a kill could be sustained after swapping off the Shotgun immediately after a kill.
Sniper Rifles
Increased PvE damage by 10% (Izanagi's Burden's Honed Edge perk shots don't receive this buff).
Scout Rifles
Fixed an issue where the Long Arm Scout Rifle was getting the PvE damage bonus for Exotics.
Grenade Launchers
Fixed an issue where some Grenade Launcher explosions were missing their proper visual effects.
Fixed an issue where Omolon Heavy Grenade Launchers would not benefit from the recent buff to their projectile collision radius. They are now consistent with other Heavy Grenade Launchers.
Submachine Guns
Aggressive Submachine Guns
Reduced base damage from 15 to 14.
Increased precision hit multiplier from 1.45 to 1.5 (crit damage goes from 21.8 to 21).
The Immortal
Reduced base range value by 10.
Bows
Fixed an issue where the Arsenic Bite Bow would display an incorrect charge time on its tooltip.
Updated the stats on the Tyranny of Heaven Bow to better compete with the current selection of Lightweight Bows.
Miscellaneous and Visuals
Fixed an issue where the glow when firing on the Nessa's Oblation Legendary Shotgun was not as bright as intended.
Fixed an issue where the Nasreddin and Caretaker Legendary Swords would not display their proper stats.
Fixed an issue where the muzzle flash on the Stay Frosty Pulse Rifle was brighter than intended.
Exotic Weapons
Eyes of Tomorrow
Killing 4 targets with a missile volley will refund 1 ammo.
Graviton Lance
Increased RPM from 257 to 300 (reduced burst delay by 20%, now matches Revision Zero's Hkke Heavy Rounds rate of fire).
Rebalanced damage per shot.
Increased first shot damage from:
Body: 9.5 to 19
Crit: 15.7 to 31.4
Decreased second shot damage from:
Body: 35.6 to 25.6
Crit: 58.7 to 42.3
Jade Rabbit
Added buff text to show when Fate of All Fools increased body shot damage is active.
Quickly hitting 3 critical hits now refunds 3 shots instead of 1.
The Manticore
Increased the catalyst's damage resistance from tier 3 to tier 4.
Increased movement speed during hang time.
Activating the catalyst perk (through an airborne kill or sustained damage following an airborne kill) now partially refills the magazine.
Fixed an issue allowing players to hover around with the Manticore while frozen or suspended. Becoming frozen or suspended now ends the Manticore's hover effect.
Lumina
Increased Noble Rounds cap from 5 to 6 to account for the catalyst granting 2 noble round remnants per kill.
Heartshadow
Damage increase now activates quicker while invisible, after 0.25s instead of 1s.
Heartshadow now weakens targets upon dealing any damage while the damage increase is active.
Sweet Business
Now fires explosive rounds every 20 shots (fewer shots while fully spun up).
Legend of Acrius
Increased total ammo from 12 to 16.
Increased maximum projectile distance from 9m to 12m.
Tommy's Matchbook
Catalyst updated: while overheated, every 5 shots applies 14+7 (with the Ember of Ashes Fragment) scorch stacks.
No Time to Explain
Updated drone to work with anti-barrier (will break Barrier Champion shields and over-penetrate combatant shields).
Updated drone to work with Feeding Frenzy (from the No Time to Explain catalyst).
This also resolved an issue where the audio cue and screen feedback for Feeding Frenzy would always play when the player spawned regardless of perk state and then wouldn't play on perk activation.
Skyburner's Oath
Increased scorch stacks from 3 to 5 and 5 to 10 with the Ember of Ashes Fragment.
Salvation's Grip
Reworked to have 2 firing modes. Charged shot creates a pattern of Stasis crystals (where the number of crystals is no longer dependent on charge time). Uncharged shot is a normal Grenade Launcher shot, but does more damage to Stasis crystals and frozen targets.
New perk added that reloads the magazine from reserves when you quickly shatter at least 3 crystals with the uncharged shot.
Bad Juju
Fixed an issue that was causing the weapon to recoil like an Auto Rifle, making it harder to control. The recoil pattern will now be similar to other Pulse Rifles.
Fighting Lion
Fixed an issue that was causing this weapon to do more damage than intended to red-bar combatants.
Whisper of the Worm
Whisper of the Worm now has a unique head-up display (HUD) icon in the weapon tray, similar to other Exotics.
Worldline Zero
Worldline Zero's sprinting teleport slash now costs 50% energy, down from 100%, and can be chained into itself once when used on the ground.
Damage from an individual heavy attack was increased by 8.3%.
Winterbite
The impact damage has been removed and redistributed to the detonation damage. This addresses an issue where Winterbite's primary projectile could sometimes multiply hit a single target depending on performance and network conditions.
The self-damage scaling has been tuned to account for the increased damage of the detonation.
Fixed an issue that caused Winterbite's melee to mistakenly count as an Energy weapon slot kill for the purposes of progression.
Vexcalibur
Vexcalibur's upgraded intrinsic traits at the crafting table now provide slight stat increases.
Veriglas Curve
Fixed an issue causing Verglas Curve's Stasis crystals to fail to spawn if shot at a titan bubble.
Tractor Cannon
Fixed an issue where Tractor Cannon was impacted by the recent non-lethal collision damage changes.
Now causes hit targets to be able to suffer lethal collision damage for a brief duration.
Thunderlord
Fixed an issue with Thunderlord where damaging a target under the effects of Divinity's debuffcould cause lightning strikes with unintentional frequency, as the hit would count as two precision hits, instead of one.
Miscellaneous and Visual
Exotics with lock-on reticles, like Ticuu's Divination, Final Warning, and Eyes of Tomorrow should no longer auto-target allied Tangles and grapple points.
Fixed an issue that was causing the special first-person recoil animation on Cryosthesia 77k's special shot to play incorrectly.
This is an animation-only change.
Symmetry's visual effects are no longer persistent on screen if you switch weapons while the special fire mode is active.
Fixed an issue on Sleeper Simulant's weapon model that was causing the display screen to be an incorrect color.
Fixed an issue where Hierarchy of Needs had its catalyst located under Kinetic Weapons on the Triumph screen.
Revision Zero now has its high-zoom scope flip up slightly earlier when special reloading.
Revision Zero had its UI buff progress bar adjusted to turn more opaque when the weapon is full on targeting data, similar to how other Exotic UI bars work.
Weapon Perks
Fragile Focus
Bonus now lasts until shield is depleted.
Bonus now returns when shield regenerates to 100%.
Shoot to Loot
The Shoot to Loot perk can now be used to collect Orbs of Power in addition to ammo boxes.
Reconstruction
Rebuilt to allow it to be put on more weapons without exceeding perk budgets.
Time before activating and before successive reloads have been unified. Previously they were different values.
Base perk now takes 4 seconds between each reload.
Enhanced now takes 3.5 seconds between each reload.
Vorpal Weapon
Fixed an issue where this perk would override certain damage types, breaking functionality on some damage over time effects.
Now provides its effects even when the weapon is stowed.
For example, a rocket shot from a Rocket Launcher with Vorpal Weapon will retain the damage increase against bosses even if you swap to another weapon.
Subsistence
Fixed an issue where the effects of the Subsistence perk could cause Reservoir Burst to fail to activate under certain networking conditions.
Adagio
No longer resets by destroying Stasis crystals.
Valiant Charge
No longer activates when taking environmental hazard damage.
Encore
Fixed an issue where the enhanced version of this perk status would appear on the buff tray screen twice.
Thresh, Demolitionist, and Pugilist
Now provide additional energy on Glaive kills, on pair with Sniper Rifles, Shotguns, and Fusion Rifles.
Weapon Traits
To Excess
Fixed an issue where the timer for this Origin Trait was not showing. Had an issue suppressing its countdown timer addressed and the countdown timer is now visible in the tray.
Bray Inheritance
Fixed an issue where this Origin Trait would activate on Titan Barricades, Stasis crystals and other destructible objects.
Abilities
Arc Subclasses
Arcstrider
Arc Staff
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 20%.
Gathering Storm
Increased direct impact damage vs. players from 200 to 300.
Increased secondary lightning strike maximum damage vs. players from 300 to 500.
Increased lingering lightning tick damage vs. players from 40 to 60.
Now deals increased damage to Well of Radiance and Ward of Dawn.
Fixed an issue causing Super energy to be costed before the staff projectile was created, specifically in cases where the casting player was killed (or was suppressed, frozen, or suspended) during a specific 0.07 second window during the cast performance.
The staff projectile now embeds into the following combatant types regardless of target tier, rather than overpenetrating:
Hive and Taken Ogres
Scorn Abominations
Vex Wyverns
Fallen Brigs
Striker
Fist of Havoc
Reduced light attack energy cost from 8.5% to 6%.
Reduced heavy attack energy cost from 18% to 12%.
Increased heavy slam damage by 33% vs. PvE enemies.
Knockout
Reduced lunge range while active from 6.5 meters to 5.5 meters.
Increased damage bonus for uncharged melees vs. PvE combatants from 60% to 100%.
Juggernaut
Increased Fragment slots from 1 to 2.
Seismic Strike
Now costs 15% energy on activation if no target was hit.
Reduced base cooldown time from 101 seconds to 91 seconds.
Thruster
Fixed an issue where the player's field of view could pop if Thruster was activated while sprinting.
Slightly increased upward acceleration on activation to reduce instances where the player could be caught on the ground.
Stormcaller
Stormtrance
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 25%.
Reduced time to reach maximum damage ramp while attacking from 5 seconds to 3 seconds.
Landfall detonation and seekers now jolt targets on hit.
Chaos Reach
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 25%.
Increased damage resistance vs. players from 40% to 50%.
Increased maximum strafe speed from 3.5 meters per second to 4.5 meters per second.
Adjusted Super camera to avoid the player's body blocking view of targets while strafing.
Sustained Chaos Reach damage on a single target now creates a jolting lightning strike at the target's location.
Lightning Surge
Fixed an issue allowing Lightning Surge to deal more instances of secondary strike damage than intended - now targets can take a maximum of two instances of damage from a single activation of the ability: one from the primary lightning strike around the player, and one from a secondary lightning strike.
This change necessitated some changes in damage values, but in general its damage output should be significantly more consistent and slightly higher than the intended value previously, but without the ability to one-shot a single enemy Guardian from full health.
Ball Lightning
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 30%
Reduced ping scalar on downward lightning strike detonations so combatants are less likely to flinch out of the repeated lightning strike volume while the player is amplified.
Arc Grenades
Flux Grenade
Increased aim assist cone half-angle from 3 degrees to 4.5 degrees.
Arc General
Speed Booster
Reduced jump acceleration bonus scalar from 1.5x to 1.25x.
Reduced activation time while sprinting from 3 seconds to 2.5 seconds.
Increased linger time after the player stops sprinting from 1.5 seconds to 2 seconds.
Fixed an issue where if the player was already sprinting and then became amplified, Speed Booster would not be granted.
Jolt
Reduced damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%.
Reduced additional bonus damage scalar vs. major combatants by ~20%.
Jolt damage triggers now correctly attribute ownership of the chain lightning damage - previously, this would show damage numbers for the player that applied the initial jolt debuff. Now, the player that deals damage to trigger the jolt chain lightning will be the owner of that damage and see the damage number flyouts.
Solar Subclasses
Gunslinger

Golden Gun (Marksman and Deadshot)
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 20%.
Gunpowder Gamble
Increased Fragment slots from 1 to 2.
Reduced cooldown time from 12 seconds to 6 seconds.
Weighted Throwing Knife
Reduced minimum projectile tracking shape size by 25% and maximum projectile tracking shape size by 10% on mouse and keyboard.
Proximity Explosive Knife
Reduced detonation damage vs. players from 105 to 90.
Increased impact damage vs. players from 14 to 20.
Lightweight Knife
Increased projectile speed from 30 meters per second to 40 meters per second.
Increased size of projectile tracking shape by 20%.
Sunbreaker
Hammer of Sol
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 10%.
Burning Maul
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 10%.
Heavy slam cyclone now applies a small amount of scorch over time.
Now creates a Sunspot on activation while the Sol Invictus Aspect is equipped, matching the behavior of Hammer of Sol.
Sol Invictus
Increased Sunspot damage per tick vs. players from 15 to 22.
Hammer Strike
Now costs 15% energy on activation if no target was hit.
Reduced base cooldown time from 101 seconds to 91 seconds.
Throwing Hammer
Now adjusts its initial trajectory based on your aim assist target to increase consistency vs. fast-moving targets.
Dawnblade
Daybreak
Adjusted Super camera to allow the player to look down further, and avoid VFX blocking view of targets when moving quickly.
Incinerator Snap
Fixed an issue preventing projectiles from proximity detonating.
Reduced total damage vs. players from 150 to 135 - this is intended. primarily to offset Incinerator Snap's increased consistency following this fix.
Solar Grenades
Swarm Grenade
Increased size of secondary projectile detonation from 1 meter to 1.4 meters to reduce the number of instances where the secondary projectile could bounce far enough away from their tracked target to fail to damage or scorch them.
Healing Grenade
Reduced detonation screen shake feedback for allied players. This reduction is further increased for players that are aiming down sights.
Solar General
Scorch
Increased stun time before scorch stacks begin falling off from 1.5 seconds to 2.3 seconds vs. enemy players.
Increased stun time before scorch stacks begin falling off from 3 seconds to 4.5 seconds vs. PvE combatants.
Fixed an issue where the scorch screen fx would immediately pop off when the player transitioned from being scorched to Igniting.
Fixed an issue where damaging a scorched target with some poison effects would forcibly remove scorch.
Ember of Benevolence
Increased bonus energy regeneration scalar by 100%.
Reduced active duration by 50% in Crucible and Gambit.
Void Subclasses
Nightstalker
Spectral Blades
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 35%.
Heavy attack now weakens targets on hit.
Fixed an issue causing right-handed attacks to fail to connect when attacking at fully ramped attack speed.
Trapper's Ambush
Increased Fragment slots from 1 to 2.
Snare Bomb
Increased duration of weaken debuff on PvE combatants from 4 seconds to 8 seconds.
Sentinel
Sentinel Shield
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 20%.
Increased in-Super shield throw ability regeneration rate to offset the reduction in stat-based regeneration introduced with the release of Lightfall.
Bastion
Increased Fragment slots from 1 to 2.
Shield Throw
Increased base impact damage from 60 to 70.
Increased consistency of finding and adjusting the projectile's flight trajectory toward a new target after a bounce.
Shield Bash
Now costs 15% energy on activation if no target was hit.
Reduced base cooldown time from 114 seconds to 91 seconds.
Voidwalker
Nova Bomb (Cataclysm and Vortex)
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 20%.
Nova Warp
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%.
A fully charged attack now makes enemies volatile on hit.
Chaos Accelerant
Fragment slots increased from 1 to 2
Charged Scatter Grenade
Increased tracking consistency of charged Scatter Grenade submunitions.
Increased submunition arming duration to improve likelihood of submunitions reaching their target.
Fixed an issue where some submunitions were impacting the ground on creation, resulting in early detonations.
Charged Magnetic Grenade (Handheld Supernova)
Increased hold time for a charged Magnetic Grenade from 3.2 seconds to 4.5 seconds.
Void Grenades
Void Spike
Reduced damage per tick vs. enemy players from 28 to 23 - unchanged vs. PvE combatants.
Void General
Volatile
Now displays a timer in the player HUD when they are volatile.
Reduced duration vs. players from 10 seconds to 6 seconds.
Echo of Harvest
No longer requires a precision kill to activate.
Stasis Subclasses
Revenant
Shatterdive
Increased Fragment slots from 1 to 2.
Withering Blade
Increased maximum projectile tracking strength by 12.5%.
Increased projectile tracking search range on bounce vs. players by 20%.
Fixed an issue where boss combatant auto-shatters when frozen by Withering Blade were dealing significantly more damage than auto-shatters from a freeze applied by any other Stasis melee ability.
Behemoth
Glacial Quake
Increased Shiver Strike thrust while Glacial Quake is active by 10%.
Increased light attack damage by 20% against all target types.
Howl of the Storm
Increased width of freezing cone vs. players by 31%.
Shiver Strike
Increased maximum thrust while in flight by 16%.
Decreased maximum downward influence of gravity while in flight by 18%.
Shadebinder
Winter's Wrath
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 10%.
Frostpulse
Now grants 2.5 meters of additional melee target search and lunge range for 1.2 seconds on rift activation.
Stasis Grenades
Duskfield Grenade
Fixed an issue where equipping Bleak Watcher or Renewal Grasps would extend Duskfield Grenade's cooldown time significantly further than intended.
Coldsnap Grenade
Fixed an issue where Coldsnap Grenade would not create followup seekers if the initial projectile landed too close to the target.
Fixed an issue where Coldsnap Grenade would not freeze a target if the initial projectile landed directly below the target.
Increased Coldsnap Grenade seeker detonation size vs. players from 1.5 meters to 1.75 meters to fix an issue where the seeker could detonate but fail to freeze a target, but would then still create a follow-up seeker.
Stasis General
Fixed an issue where the Tectonic Harvest, Grim Harvest, and Glacial Harvest Aspect buff tray icons were incorrect.
Strand Subclasses
Threadrunner
Silkstrike
Reduced the amount the player was slowed when casting Silkstrike immediately after a grapple.
Threaded Spike
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by ~55%.
Increased projectile travel range before beginning to return to the player by 30%.
Slightly reduced the speed of the dart as it returns to the player to make catching it easier.
Increased energy gain for catching the dart based on the number of enemies hit.
Now pierces Cabal Phalanx shields.
No longer prioritizes the catch action over the grapple melee if an enemy target is within grapple melee range.
Berserker
Bladefury
Fixed an issue allowing players to use their Super infinitely in Mayhem under specific conditions.
Frenzied Blade
Reduced cooldown based on the number of melee energy charges the player has stored.
At 0 charges, cooldown reduced by 15%. At 2 charges, cooldown reduced by 30%.
Fixed an issue preventing players from using Hive Sword attacks while they had a Frenzied Blade melee charge.
Drengr's Lash
Fixed an issue resulting in Drengr's Lash projectiles getting stuck and lingering in level geometry (specifically corners) for extended periods of time.
Broodweaver
Needlestorm
Reduced physics acceleration per projectile by ~70% to reduce instances of bosses (e.g., Akelous in Spire of the Watcher) flying into the stratosphere when struck by every projectile at once.
Arcane Needle
Decreased cooldown based on how many melee charges the player has stored.
At 0 charges, cooldown reduced by 15%. At 2 charges, cooldown reduced by 30%.
Increased projectile speed based on the projectile's flight time.
Initial velocity increased to 40 meters per second, up from 30.
Final velocity increased to 70 meters per second, up from 60.
Increased projectile tracking strength by ~10%.
Fixed an issue preventing Claws of Ahamkara from granting a fourth melee charge to Arcane Needle.
Fixed an issue where players could very rapidly initiate unpowered melees back-to-back while jumping while Arcane Needle was equipped.
Strand Grenades
Grapple
Reduced base cooldown time from 105 seconds to 82 seconds.
Reduced minimum time between grapple activations from 2.5 seconds to 0.2 seconds.
Fixed an issue allowing players to mount Sparrows while grappling.
Strand General
Thread of Generation
Reduced energy regeneration provided by some damage-over-time mechanics.
Reduced energy generation provided by Trace Rifle damage by 36%.
Fixed an issue that could result in players remaining in first person after picking up a new Tangle quickly after throwing a Tangle.
Updated placement of Tangle carry objects in the player's arm in locomotion animation set.
New Strand Aspects
Hunter: Threaded Spike
Activate your class ability to leave behind a decoy woven from Strand matter that draws the attention of nearby combatants and pings the radar for other Guardians.
After taking significant damage or when combatants approach, the decoy detonates, dealing damage and releasing Threadlings that seek out and attack nearby foes.
Titan: Flechette Storm
While sliding, activate your charged melee ability to leap into the air, knocking nearby targets away and dealing damage.
While airborne, activate your charged melee again to launch a cluster of damaging, unraveling projectiles.
Repeatedly activating melee will chain additional throws.
Warlock: The Wanderer
Tangles you throw attach to enemies and detonate into a suspending burst.
Threadling final blows create a Tangle.
Ghosts
The following Ghost Shells now support Trials Flawless glows when you've gone Flawless:
In Memoriam
Horus
Hero's Wake
Ships
The following Ships now support Trials Flawless glows when you've gone Flawless:
Winds of Change
Hushed Syrinx
Valiant Memory
Sparrows
The following Sparrows now support Trials Flawless glows when you've gone Flawless:
Resurrection's Guide
Paradigm Shift
Falcon's Chase
Survivor's Journey
Finishers
Subclass agnostic finishers can now display their Stasis and Strand variants when previewing them in the Eververse store or Inspection screen.
Power and Progression
We have added Exotic focusing options to Rahool:
Standard Decryption: Any Exotic engram can be decrypted into a random previously owned armor piece for free (current behavior).
Advanced Decryption: An Exotic engram can be focused into any armor from a specific expansion for a small cost. You must have previously acquired all Exotic armor for your class from an expansion to use this option.
Precision Decryption: An Exotic engram can be focused into a specific piece of armor you have previously acquired for a higher cost.
All Exotics from any source should now drop with higher average stats, and more frequent spikes.
Rewards for the Crucible Playlist Challenge, Weekly Strike Challenge, and Weekly Gambit Challenge have been changed to a Powerful focusable Exotic engram.
The following Exotic engram rewards have been changed from auto-decrypt to focusable:
Season Pass paid and free tracks
Vendor reputation tracks (after the first reset)
World drops
Bounties and Pursuits
A new Lightfall post-campaign pursuit has been added. Visit Nimbus after completing the Unfinished Business Exotic quest to learn more.
Fixed an issue where the Preservation mission on the Throne World wasn't appearing blocking completion of Report: Pyramid-Inspect.
Region Chest icons have been added to the description and objective progress text for the "From Zero..." and "...to Hero" quests.
Vanguard Bounties:
Dailies
Some Vanguard daily bounties requiring killing blows can now be completed anywhere in the game, with significantly increased progress in Vanguard Ops and Nightfall activities.
Added bounty for killing elites, mini-bosses and Champions.
Added bounty for completing 2 Vanguard activities
Added bounty for kills with various elemental abilities, with bonuses for using a subclass verb.
Repeatable Bounties:
Enemy race kill bounties can now be completed by killing any enemy in a Vanguard activity, with significantly increased progress for killing the correct type.
Reduced the number of kills needed in the Super kill bounty.
Added bounty for getting fireteam kills.
Rewards
Faction chests on EDZ and Nessus are now awarding Glimmer and XP.
Added Neomuna weapons as a drop change from completing Heroic Public Events
Reduce Neomun weapons drop chance from VIP Patrols
Finest Matterweave no longer drops in the game. Whenever Matterweave would have dropped in the past 1 Enhancement Core drops instead. Existing Finest Matterweave can be dismantled to gain 1 Enhancement Core.
Rainmakers no longer drop in the game. Whenever Rainmakers would have dropped in the past, 3,000 Glimmer drops instead.
Existing Rainmakers can be dismantled for 3,000 Glimmer each.
Make it rain(maker).
Triumphs and Titles
The Conqueror's Discipline Triumph now requires completing any Grandmaster Nightfall using Strand, in addition to its existing requirements.
If you've previously claimed this Triumph, it will remain claimed.
If you've previously claimed the Conqueror Seal, that will remain claimed as well.
Guardian Ranks
When starting a new Season (or if you are returning Veteran player who has never played around with Guardian Ranks) you now are reset to Guardian Rank 5.
All Seasonal (Blue) Guardian Rank objectives are reset and must be completed again to get your Guardian Rank back.
Guardians display their previous rank for the entire following Season.
We have taken a pass at placement of all Guardian Rank objectives to make for a more intuitive experience
Commendations
Added the Best Dressed Commendation card to the Ironwood Tree in the Tower.
Fixed an issue in which Commendations objectives in Guardian Ranks were displaying the incorrect Commendations icon.
Fixed an issue in which the text container for Commendations for some non-matchmade, higher difficulty activities were not the correct size.
General
Fixed an issue with 3D audio causing undersirable audio distortion.
3D audio may now be enabled on all platforms without issue
Fixed an issue where entering the King's Fall raid or the Pit of Heresy dungeon with 3D audio enabled could cause a crash to some players.
Fixed an issue where autoexposure would over-compensate for sniper-scope borders on ultrawide resolutions, washing out the screen.
Seasonal armor and ornament name corrections:
Season of Defiance released with the Techeun-styled activity armor called the "Unyielding Favor Set," with the "Techeun's Regalia Set" as the name for the Seasonal ornaments. Fashion-forward Techeun enthusiasts pointed out the mismatch, so the names have been swapped. The activity armor is now called the "Techeun's Regalia Set" while the Seasonal ornaments are the "Unyielding Favor Set."
Rallying at a Campaign Banner, Raid Banner, Public Event flags, and initiating Battleground Boss encounters now also refills/reloads the magazines of all equipped weapons.
Fixed an issue where Persys, the final boss in Spire of the Watcher, was being deleted from the game world when players used the Gathering Storm Super or Storm grenades under specific circumstances.
Eververse Recommendations:
New feature:Eververse will now provide players with personalized recommendations that highlight items from across the store that are tailored to the currently active character. Eververse recommendations can be found in their own tab or on the Featured page.
The Daily Deal system has been retired.
The Good Boy Protocol stat tracker has been re-enabled with all Season 19 progress intact and moved from the Seasonal category to Account/Lifetime.
Artifact perks can now be individually refundable by clicking on an active perk.
Localization
Voice Over: German Saint-14 has been permanently recast.
Fixed an issue in which Korean rating icons were displayed incorrectly in the Controller menu in Settings.
Fixed an issue in which the title screen for Destiny 2: Lightfall was displaying game title with a slight overlap.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 7.0.5.3
Activities
Nightfall
Reverted the change that removed the third Refraction Core in Heist Battlegrounds.
Fixed an issue where previously defeated enemies and Champions are respawning if players wipe in the Lake of Shadows boss room.
Guardian Games
Fixed an issue where the normal matchmaking options for Supremacy were missing their descriptions.
Fixed an issue where the Heir Apparent quest and catalyst are not progressing via most main Medallion sources.
Fixed an issue where the Fly the Flag bounty is taking much longer than intended to complete.
Fixed an issue where the Champ Seal was not able to be gilded.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Fixed an issue where swapping from a Slug Shotgun to another Shotgun could allow massive damage output.
There is now a two-second window where a weapon cannot be fired after swapping to it from the inventory screen.
Fixed an issue where Enhanced Eager Edge perk would deactivate earlier than intended.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 7.0.5.2
Activities
Crucible
Fixed an issue where players were getting suspended in Crucible when completing a match without quitting.
Matchmaking for Clash, Zone Control, and Rift is now connection based.
Seasonal
Fixed an issue where players weren't able to complete the Last Will and Testament quest if they had picked up the Brazen Spark ship via the War Table. You can now go forth and complete the quest.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Fixed an issue with the Firepower armor mod where Orbs of Power were spawning at their origin point instead of on defeated enemies.
Fixed an issue where the Guardian Games class item could be dismantled for Legendary Shards and Glimmer.
General
Moved the Twitch gift sub bounty rewards back to the Cryptarch.
Audio distortion has been improved on consoles and PC.
Final fix is coming at a later date.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 7.0.5.1
Activities
Raid
Fixed an issue where the raid jacket director dialog was appearing after the March 21 deadline to unlock the purchase.
Adjusted brightness and flashing in the Daughters of Oryx encounter.
UI/UX
Fixed an issue where gauntlets would not equip when changing loadouts.
Fixed an issue where opening the loadout menu could cause Destiny 2 to crash.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Fixed an issue where making changes to the weapon in an inventory after selecting the weapon to reshape would not automatically update to the item in the reshape slot.
Platforms and Systems
Fixed an issue where too many particle effects in certain areas on Neptune could cause Destiny 2 to crash.

Destiny 2 Update 7.0.5.0
Activities
Seasonal Battlegrounds
Fixed an issue where the Consecrated Essence could appear duplicated.
Crucible
Added a new 6v6 connection-based matchmaking (CBMM) Weekly Rotator, which includes Clash, Zone Control, and Rift.
The existing 6v6 Party Rotator is now Mayhem, Momentum Control, and Scorched.
Updated tutorial crucible quest to reflect changes to available playlists.
Added a metric showing off your Competitive Division rank.
Ascendant Competitive Division players can now purchase an emblem from Shaxx.
Fixed errant Glorious and Dredgen awarding/gilding. All players must reclaim/regild their titles if they have completed the requisite Triumphs.
Increased the strength of the respawn overshield in Crucible.
In Rift, activating Grapple no longer drops the Spark.
In Rift, players can no longer dunk the Spark while moving faster than 15 meters per second or while using a Grapple ability.
Vanguard Ops
Legend difficulty Defiant Battlegrounds now rotate their weapon overcharge weekly.
Defeating Tormentors now provides revive tokens like Champions and Hive Guardians in some activities.
Fixed Hive door locks in Heist Battlegrounds to behave the same in all versions of the activity.
Tuned difficulty in Heist Battlegrounds present in Vanguard and Nightfall playlists.
Fixed an issue where a crash could rarely occur shortly after picking up the first Solar Cell in The Arms Dealer.
Fixed an issue where The Arms Dealer enemies, which continually respawn to drop required Solar Cells, could be farmed limitlessly for points.
Raids and Dungeons
Fixed an issue in the Duality dungeon where Nightmare of Gahlran could not teleport back to the encounter space after falling out of the environment.
Fixed an issue where checkpoints were shared between Legend and Master mode for raids and dungeons.
Fixed an issue in Root of Nightmares where the Scission encounter would sometimes soft lock preventing progress.
Fixed an issue in Root of Nightmares where sometimes the intended screen VFX did not play when players failed the encounter.
Fixed an issue in Root of Nightmares where Nezarec will sometimes not cast a wipe when intended.
Exotic Mission
Fixed an issue where players could sometimes get pushed through walls by Vex traps and then get stuck there.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Fixed an issue where the Peacekeepers' reload perk wouldnt activate after you stowed an energy slot SMG.
Fixed an issue where Phoenix Cradle was not consistently extending the duration of the Sol Invictus buff while Burning Maul was equipped.
Weapon
Fixed an issue where certain Gambit weapons were not contributing to the Dark Age Arsenal Triumph.
PVE Primary Weapon Balance
Increased the damage of the following weapon types against red and orange-bar enemies in PvE.
Auto Rifles: 25%
Pulse Rifles, Hand Cannons, and Sidearms: 20%
Scout Rifles: 10%
Weapon Archetypes
Submachine Guns
Ikelos SMGs
Removed some tuning in the custom scope that was causing this weapon to have significantly less recoil than intended. The recoil is now in line with other Aggressive SMGs.
Hand Cannons
Fixed an issue causing the Adept Exalted Truth to have a lower magazine size than the standard version.
Fusion Rifles
Rapid Fires
Per burst: 245 to 260
Per bolt: 27.2 to 28.9
Damage in PvE is unchanged.
Trace Rifles
Increased base damage by 4% (base damage goes from 12 to 12.5).
Reduced precision hit multiplier from 1.4x to 1.35x (crit damage goes from 16.8 to 16.9).
Reduced flinch by 10% at 100 stability stat (scales down at lower values).
Sniper Rifles
Rapid-Fire Sniper Rifles
Reduced recoil by 50%.
Increased total ammunition (magazine + reserves) by 30%.
Heavy Grenade Launchers
Fixed an issue where Omolon Heavy Grenade Launchers were missing their VFX.
Fixed an issue where Dimensional Hypotrochoid could be obtained with a range masterwork. This fix prevents the weapon from dropping with range and changes any existing copies with range to the equivalent handling tier.
Exotic Weapons
Final Warning
Can no longer mark targets through Titan Barricades.
Tarrabah
Reduced the amount of Ravenous Beast energy generated when taking damage from 3% to 1%.
Reduced zoom from 16 to 15.
Revision Zero
Fourth Times the Charm will now be reset when entering Hunter's Trace.
This will prevent the issue of firing a single shot while in Hunter's Trace and being forcibly returned to pulse mode when Fourth Times the Charm activates.
Increased PvE damage of the Hunter's Trace rounds by 25%.
Increased PvE damage of the Hkke Heavy Burst rounds by 75%.
Perks
Fixed an issue in which the enhanced version of the Wellspring perk generated too little energy when the player had any number of charged abilities.
Other changes
Added the capability to upgrade Root of Nightmares Adept weapons with enhanced traits. If you have unlocked Deepsight on weapons, an enhancement socket will be available to perform this upgrade in the weapon details screen.
Fixed tooltips for Master dungeons to properly list Artifice Armor as rewards.
Abilities
Rally Barricade
The area of effect now extends slightly further behind and above the Rally Barricade to make staying in the buff area more achievable, especially on uneven terrain.
Fixed an issue where Stasis Shards created by the Glacial Harvest aspect would not grant melee ability energy to Penumbral Blast if the player had a Sword or Glaive readied.
Fixed an issue where Jolt chain lightning was unable to target some types of PvE combatants.
Fixed an issue where trying to throw rapidly while carrying a Tangle could result in an uncharged melee attack.
Bounties and Pursuits
Fixed an issue where players couldnt interact with the Evidence Board after the Exotic Glaive pursuit is completed.
General
Added the Best Dressed Commendation.
Fixed an issue where the objective to complete a dungeon solo Solo Spelunker does not count completions from before the player is Guardian Rank 10.
Fixed an issue where the objective to complete the raid on Master difficulty does not count completions from before the player is Guardian Rank 10.
Players who have crafted their first Exotic Glaive from The Witch Queen can now claim the Patterns for their other characters from the Evidence Board.
Veteran players now receive the correct amount of lore books when they reach Guardian Rank 7 for the first time.
Fixed an issue where players are blocked from progressing past Guardian Rank 3 if they previously bought all available subclass Aspects.
Addendum
Below are the patch notes added after the hotfix post went live:

Fixed an issue where the Terminal Overload chest could be looted multiple times for rewards and crafted weapon progress.
Crafting progress now comes from the key chest and not the base chest.
When the mods Ashes to Ashes and Hands On are equipped at the same time, players will only receive Super energy from one of the mods when killing an enemy with a grapple melee. When these mods are equipped individually, each will work with the grapple melee.
Grenade Kickstart will no longer activate when using a grapple point.
When the mods Firepower and Heavy Handed are equipped at the same time, only one Orb of Power will spawn when killing an enemy with a grapple melee. When these mods are equipped individually, each will work with the grapple melee.
Reduced Super gains from Ashes to Assets by 50% when getting a grapple melee kill after using a grapple point.
Players no longer need to have the Strand subclass equipped to gain Unraveling Rounds for their Strand weapons from the Allied Unraveling perk.
Heavy weapons will more consistently gain increased ammo capacity from multiple Reserves mods. This does not apply to Rocket Launchers, Grenade Launchers, Heavy Glaives, Leviathan's Breath, and One Thousand Voices, since their maximum ammo capacity is reached by equipping fewer mods.
Fixed an issue where the Fighting Lion Grenade Launcher was incorrectly benefitting from the Void Holster mod.
Fixed an issue where the Harsh Language Shotgun now correctly activates Void artifact perks.
Fall damage is now nonlethal to players. Previously, only collision damage was nonlethal.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 7.0.0.7
Gameplay and Investment
Trials of Osiris

Fixed an issue where wins on a seven-win Trials Passage would reward unfocusable Trials of Osiris engrams.
Neomuna Freeroam

Reduced the prevalence of elite (orange healthbar) enemies to lower the base difficulty of Freeroam.
Fixed an issue that was causing Cabal turrets in Ahimsa Park to respawn too quickly.
Root of Nightmares

Fixed an issue where Nezarec would not react to players that were positioned in a Well of Radiance.
Difficulty

Combatant health scaling for two- and three-player fireteams reduced in the Season 20 Legendary Exotic mission.
Reduced enemy health in Legend- and Master-tier Nightfalls, Battlegrounds, Lost Sectors, Offensives, Hunts, and Legend/Master campaign missions.
UI/UX
Reduced the Commendation score required for Guardian Ranks 7, 8, and 9:
Rank 7 is now 200 (was 460).
Rank 8 is now 477 (was 790).
Rank 9 is now 910 (was 1290).
Removed Guardian Rank objectives that require players to give Commendations from Ranks 7, 8, and 9.
Reduced the number of Commendations required for Hawthorne's weekly challenge from 20 to 5.
General
Armor

Reduced the number of additional scorch stacks added by the Flare Up artifact perk in PvP to 15 (down from 30).
Weapons

Fixed an issue where the Target Lock trait was not correctly deactivating on a miss if the weapon was firing at 720 RPM or higher.
Fixed an issue where some players were unable to acquire the Riskrunner catalyst.
Fixed an issue where Quicksilver Storm and Touch of Malice were not receiving the 40% damage bonus against minor enemies.
Power and Progression

Fixed an issue where certain Ghost and Weapon mods were not correctly unlocked when progressing through Guardian Ranks.
Fixed an issue where certain new players were missing access to patrol destinations.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 7.0.0.6
[Patch notes updated on 03/23 with a correction regarding a Root of Nightmares issue.]

ACTIVITIES
DUNGEONS AND RAIDS
Root of Nightmares
Fixed an issue where players were being locked out of the Red Border Chest after the weekly reset.
Fixed an issue where Focused Light and Focused Darkness would not trigger in the Zo'aurc encounter.
Fixed an issue where Sunblight enemies could be damaged through their shields by The Colony Exotic Grenade Launcher.
Update: This issue was wrongly stated as fixed. A solution will be available in a future update.
Fixed an issue where players could equip raid mods without obtaining them first.
Shattered Throne
Fixed an issue where the dungeon node would not appear to some players.
GENERAL
Fixed an issue where Cabal Threshers were doing more damage than intended.
Fixed an issue where the European Dead Zone node would not unlock for some players.
GAMEPLAY AND INVESTMENT
WEAPONS
Fixed an issue where the Winterbite Exotic Glaive was benefitting from other Glaives damage increasing perks.
Fixed an issue where the Glaive melee feed kills where showing the projectile label.
Fixed an issue where the extra Arc volley granted by the Two Tailed Fox's Exotic Catalyst was not firing properly.
Fixed an issue where some weapon mods were not available for some players.
ARMOR MODS
Fixed an issue where equipping too many passive Armor Charge benefits would deactivate artifact perks.
Changed Empowered Finish to count as a finisher mod for purposes of mutual exclusivity. This mod can no longer be equipped alongside a finisher mod that also consumes Armor Charge stacks.
Having the ability to generate and spend Armor Charge stacks on the same mod was creating conditions where latency would sometimes cause the perks to activate in an incorrect order.
Additionally, when combined with Stacks on Stacks, Empowering Finish was circumventing the basic Armor Charge mechanics too easily, resulting in generating too many Orbs of Power, ammo bricks, overshields, etc.
The Untangler Artifact perk will no longer trigger melee perks.
Localization
Fixed the issue introduced in 7.0.0.5 that reverted Mandarin voice over to English.
General
Increased the time to give Commendations to other players after finishing certain activities.
Moved the Legend Lost Sectors Solo and the Legend Lost Sector Solo Flawless requirements from Guardian Rank 7 to Rank 8.
Moved the Master Lost Sectors Solo and the Master Lost Sector Solo Flawless requirements from Guardian Rank 9 to Rank 10.
Note: Players will keep keep their earned progress after these Lost Sector requirements move to the higher Rank.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 7.0.0.5
Activities
Seasonal Exotic Activity
Animation changes made to the Data Collection boss encounter in The Variable Exotic mission that had the potential to cause issues with photosensitive players.
Player Journey
Increased drop rate for Exotic armor in Legend and Master Lost Sectors when playing solo.
Fixed an issue that prevented the "Vex Incursion Countermeasures" weekly bounty from resetting at rest.
Fixed an issue where players on their alternate characters could not progress the Hall of Heroes intro quest after interacting with the statues early.
Any players who ran into this issue may now progress normally.
UI/UX
Made an adjustment to how the Return to Orbit option is triggered after completing a specific Battleground.
Previous implementation enabled mistakenly skipping end-of-mission cinematics when returning to orbit from the Commendations screen.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Fixed an issue where some Artifact mods were not properly proccing Anti-Barrier capabilities.
Hunters: Fixed an issue where Volatile Rounds were not granted by equipping the Gyrfalcon's Hauberk Exotic chest armor, blocking Void weapons from Anti-Barrier capabilities.
Armor Scavenger Mod: Fixed an issue where Jtunn would get an unintentional boost in ammo, particularly in PvP, with the Solar Scavenger mod equipped on a player's chest armor.
Put. The toaster. Down.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where the Winterbite Exotic Glaive was doing more damage than intended to targets.
Titans: The bonus to Glaive melee damage granted by Exotic Synthoceps gauntlets has been reduced against both combatants and enemy Guardians.
Fixed an issue where the Lightfall versions of The Inquisitor and Mindbender's Ambition Shotguns had the incorrect magazine perks.
Fixed an issue where Grand Overture's blinding effect applied to other sources of splash damage.
Abilities
Strand: Increased the internal cooldown of the Thread of Ascent Fragment from two seconds to four seconds.
Strand: Fixed an issue where after a player grappled to a thrown Tangle, the Berserker's Into the Fray Aspect would fail to activate on further Tangle detonations.
Strand: Fixed an issue where the suspending detonation from the Broodweaver's Mindspun Invocation Aspect was not properly stunning Unstoppable Champions.
Solar: Fixed an issue where the radiant effect was not increasing the damage of Strand weapons.
Strand: Fixed an issue where the Thread of Generation Fragment would stop functioning after a Silkstrike Super deactivation when either the Shackle or Threadling Grenade is equipped.
Power and Progression
Guardian Ranks: To more closely match the goals of Guardian Ranks, we have reduced the required Commendations score to complete objectives across all Guardian Ranks.
Guardian Ranks: Rank-8 objectives require tier-3 difficulty or higher.
Fixed an issue where only tier-4 or higher applied towards Rank progression.
Commendations: Players can no longer offer Commendations to others following a failed mission activity.
General
Fixed an issue where Guardians and their weapons were not rendering properly, effectively making them appear as "invisible" when in-game.
Twitch Gift Sub Bounty reward now correctly appears in the Cryptarch.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 7.0.0.5
Activities
Seasonal Exotic Activity
Animation changes made to the Data Collection boss encounter in The Variable Exotic mission that had the potential to cause issues with photosensitive players.
Player Journey
Increased drop rate for Exotic armor in Legend and Master Lost Sectors when playing solo.
Fixed an issue that prevented the "Vex Incursion Countermeasures" weekly bounty from resetting at rest.
Fixed an issue where players on their alternate characters could not progress the Hall of Heroes intro quest after interacting with the statues early.
Any players who ran into this issue may now progress normally.
UI/UX
Made an adjustment to how the Return to Orbit option is triggered after completing a specific Battleground.
Previous implementation enabled mistakenly skipping end-of-mission cinematics when returning to orbit from the Commendations screen.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Fixed an issue where some Artifact mods were not properly proccing Anti-Barrier capabilities.
Hunters: Fixed an issue where Volatile Rounds were not granted by equipping the Gyrfalcon's Hauberk Exotic chest armor, blocking Void weapons from Anti-Barrier capabilities.
Armor Scavenger Mod: Fixed an issue where Jtunn would get an unintentional boost in ammo, particularly in PvP, with the Solar Scavenger mod equipped on a player's chest armor.
Put. The toaster. Down.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where the Winterbite Exotic Glaive was doing more damage than intended to targets.
Titans: The bonus to Glaive melee damage granted by Exotic Synthoceps gauntlets has been reduced against both combatants and enemy Guardians.
Fixed an issue where the Lightfall versions of The Inquisitor and Mindbender's Ambition Shotguns had the incorrect magazine perks.
Fixed an issue where Grand Overture's blinding effect applied to other sources of splash damage.
Abilities
Strand: Increased the internal cooldown of the Thread of Ascent Fragment from two seconds to four seconds.
Strand: Fixed an issue where after a player grappled to a thrown Tangle, the Berserker's Into the Fray Aspect would fail to activate on further Tangle detonations.
Strand: Fixed an issue where the suspending detonation from the Broodweaver's Mindspun Invocation Aspect was not properly stunning Unstoppable Champions.
Solar: Fixed an issue where the radiant effect was not increasing the damage of Strand weapons.
Strand: Fixed an issue where the Thread of Generation Fragment would stop functioning after a Silkstrike Super deactivation when either the Shackle or Threadling Grenade is equipped.
Power and Progression
Guardian Ranks: To more closely match the goals of Guardian Ranks, we have reduced the required Commendations score to complete objectives across all Guardian Ranks.
Guardian Ranks: Rank-8 objectives require tier-3 difficulty or higher.
Fixed an issue where only tier-4 or higher applied towards Rank progression.
Commendations: Players can no longer offer Commendations to others following a failed mission activity.
General
Fixed an issue where Guardians and their weapons were not rendering properly, effectively making them appear as "invisible" when in-game.
Twitch Gift Sub Bounty reward now correctly appears in the Cryptarch.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 7.0.0.3
Gameplay and Investment
Fixed an issue where the Silkstrike Super's Light attack was doing hidden double damage. Weve removed the critical strike at the tip of the dart and instead granted the critical-strike behavior to the full length of the dart. The damage has been tuned to compensate.
Fixed an issue where Arcstriders Disorienting Blow melee ability was not costing energy on hit.
Fixed an issue where the Lightfall quest previously only tracked the campaign version of the Hypernet Current strike. It will now progress upon completion of any version of the strike.
UI/UX
Fixed an issue that caused the Commendations screen to crash.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where the Manticore, Season of the Seraphs Season Pass Destiny Exotic weapon was missing from collections.
Armor
Fixed an issue where element-focused armor mods would deactivate when spawning into an activity or respawning after death.
Fixed an issue where the seasonal artifact could cost Glimmer to reset.
Fixed an issue where Scavenger armor mods were incorrectly activating in Crucible game modes.
Fixed an issue where players were able to duplicate ammo drops.

Destiny 2 Update 7.0.0.1
ACTIVITIES
CRUCIBLE

Added an Exotic Armor Swap penalty applied to Trials of Osiris and Competitive Division. Equipping a different piece of Exotic armor drains all ability energy in these modes.
Competitive Division
Fixed a bug that caused the Competitive intro quest to auto-claim the completion reward. Rewards are now claimed upon interacting with Shaxx.
Competitive Rift & Showdown have reduced revive delay time to 1.5s from 2s; reduced respawn time to 5.5s from 7s.
VANGUARD OPS

Fixed an issue in Heist Battleground: Europa where a Heavy ammo crate could respawn for players who get quarantined into the boss fight arena.
When you play Vanguard Ops or Nightfall, your final score determines a reputation multiplier for that activity's completion. Multipliers run from 1.0 (under 30,000 points) to 7.0 (above 250,000). We also tuned the amount of Vanguard rank you receive for completions, Nightfall quality, and streaks.
Full pass on all Vanguard map and mode multipliers, with an eye toward balancing score-per-hour, rather than score-per-attempt.
Vanguard and Nightfall strikes: Added on-screen health bar for bosses previously missing them.
Fixed an issue where player could be given the same objective twice in quick succession in The Devil's Lair strike.
The Vanguard Ops playlist has increased in difficulty - players can no longer level beyond the enemy combatants.
Additional rotating modifiers have been added to the Vanguard Ops playlist.
DIFFICULTY OPTIONS

Hero, Legend, and Master difficulties have been reworked for greater challenge and to accommodate new modifiers. Adept difficulty has been removed.
Hero activity level is now soft cap + 20. Legend is Power cap + 30, and Master is Power cap + 40. Each has a scaling combat delta that keeps you under level in the activity and provides a smoother pathway to Grandmaster.
Most Hero/Legend/Master/Grandmaster activities now feature the ability to use "overcharged" weapons for increased damage. Which weapons are overcharged are determined by your Seasonal Artifact unlocks and activity modifiers.
Elemental singes and burns have been replaced and broken out into incoming and outgoing components: "threats" and "surges". Damage bonuses for surges and overcharges do not stack.
RAIDS AND DUNGEONS

Armor pieces from Master difficulty Grasp of Avarice, Duality, and Spire of the Watcher drop with higher stats.
UI/UX
Lightfall title screen
The title screen has received a visual and audio update for Lightfall.
Guardian Ranks
UI throughout Destiny 2 has been updated to display player's Guardian Rank.
Orbit Screen
Added a button to directly access the Journey tab.
Triumphs tab Journey tab
When building the Guardian Ranks feature, the team leaned into the opportunity to refresh and relabel the Triumphs tab to better encapsulate the player's journey through Destiny 2.
Many of the changes will be immediately visible but some are more subtle including:
An access point to view details about the Commendations you have sent and received.
An additional access point for Seasonal Challenges.
Seals are no longer broken into two categories - Seals and Titles - they are just Titles.
Additionally, to focus the information shown at the top level, both Triumphs and Titles have been migrated to bespoke sub-screens.
Added the ability to equip/unequip Titles from the sub-screen rather than going into the details screen.
Commendations
Commendations may be sent and received near the end of most activities.
Accessibility
In all locations where Commendations may be viewed or given, the player's Colorblind preferences are respected.
This includes VFX in the post-game carnage report.
Post Game Carnage Report (PGCR)
Updated the PGCR to complement the new Commendations feature and updated some features.
The PGCR now consists of two tabs, the Commendations screen and the scoreboard.
The reputation wheel has been simplified and is displayed on the top right of the scoreboard page.
The player can now access the PGCR during the mission end countdown by pressing a button to open Nav mode. Holding it down will still take you to the Director.
A tradeoff for this functionally is that when the mission end countdown is active the Nav mode cannot be opened. Pressing a button to open Nav mode will open the PGCR instead.
Ritual Rank Tooltips
Updated rank tooltips so all rank tooltips now include a streak tracker and added a section that shows a player's total reputation rank points.
Tracking
More items can be tracked at a time:
Up to three Guardian Ranks objectives can be tracked.
Up to six non-Guardian Ranks objectives can be tracked.
Nav mode updates:
A tab has been added specifically to display tracked Guardian Ranks objectives.
Tracked objectives that are not specific to Guardian Ranks are grouped together.
Tracking now split into multiple sections on the Journey tab.
Guardian Ranks section specifically shows tracked Guardian Ranks objectives.
All currently trackable, non-quest objectives are shown below the Seasonal Challenges access point.
Guardian Ranks auto-tracking is enabled by default.
The goal is to immediately point players towards objectives they can work on to increase their Guardian Rank.
This may be toggled on the Journey screen if manual tracking is more your speed.
Tracked Seasonal Challenges properly display their challenge type in its tooltip on the tracking screen.
Collections
Some access points have migrated from the Triumphs tab to the Collections tab:
Lore
Weapon patterns & catalysts
Medals
Stat trackers
Increased the number of visible 'recently discovered' items.
Waypoints
Rectangles are out. Circles are in.
Guardian Ranks replaces Season Pass level for Guardians.
Records
In order to help call out which Guardian Rank records are Seasonal, a blue gradient has been added to the bottom of all Seasonal records including those on the Seasonal Challenges screen.
Vendors
Ritual vendors in the Tower (Zavala, Shaxx, Drifter, Banshee-44, Saladin, Saint-14) now have help tooltips describing the core ritual and reputation, as well as explaining some of the less visible features.
QOL UPDATES AND FIXES

Character screen
Removed the currency display on the Character screen.
Clans
Fixed an issue where Hawthorne's icon on the Tower map wouldn't consistently pulse when a clan engram was available to claim.
Roster
Improved contrast between player names and background colors on the Roster.
Fixed an issue causing the Director screen to refresh the footer UI when players in the Roster changed states.
Settings
Fixed an issue causing the Settings menu to close when leaving a submenu.
GAMEPLAY AND INVESTMENT
ARMOR

Armor energy type has been deprecated. Armor now has untyped armor energy, and all mods use that untyped energy when socketed.
Armor mods that were previously based on weapon archetype are now based on weapon damage type.
Most armor mods that are based on weapon damage type also have a harmonic version, which is discounted when the weapon's damage type matches your subclass damage type.
Armor mod costs have been generally reduced across the board.
The Combat Style mod socket has been deprecated and replaced on all armor pieces with an extra socket for mods associated with that armor slot (helmet, gauntlets, etc.).
The Charged With Light and Elemental Wells armor mods have been merged into a single system: Armor Charge.
Players using the Armor Charge system can gain up to three stacks of Armor Charge at a time (expanded up to six stacks by equipping Charged Up mods).
Picking up an Orb of Power grants one stack of Armor Charge.
Many mods that previously created Elemental Wells or granted stacks of Charged With Light directly have been modified to instead spawn Orbs of Power.
Mods that provide an ongoing benefit (such as Font of Wisdom) now grant that benefit as long as you have stacks of Armor Charge; these mods cause Armor Charge stacks to decay every 10 seconds.
Some redundant mods have been deprecated when their effect would overlap with an existing mod's effects.
Some armor mods (such as the Kickstart mods and most mods triggered by using a finisher) now make use of the Armor Charge system.
Some of the functionality of Elemental Wells and their associated mods have been moved into subclass fragments and the new Firesprite and Void Breech.
Warmind Cells have been deprecated.
Seasonal Artifact
Unlocking a perk in the Seasonal Artifact now grants that perk directly to the character when it is relevant; you no longer need to socket an armor mod to gain an Artifact perk's effect.
Column 2 of the Artifact now unlocks multiple discounted mods per node.
The maximum number of unlocked perks has been reduced to 12.
Resetting your selections in the Seasonal Artifact is now free.
Removed the one-second button hold to unlock an Artifact perk; a single button press now unlocks the perk.
Artifice armor has had its bonus socket converted into a socket that allows you to increase any one stat on that armor piece by +3.
Adjusted the amount of damage reduction provided by the Resilience stat in PvE. At tier 10 damage reduction now caps at 30% (down from 40% in Season 19), and the progression of the damage reduction across tiers has been smoothed to give more relative value to lower tiers of Resilience.
The armor mods granting Resilience have had their armor energy costs increased to 4 (+10 Resilience) and 2 (+5 Resilience).
The Iron Lord's Pride perk has been added to all Iron Banner armor sets from Season 8 to the present.
Exotic Armor changes
Khepri's Sting: Truesight is now granted when damaging an enemy with a smoke bomb. Additionally, when you have an undetonated smoke bomb on the battlefield and have not been made invisible by a smoke bomb, you gain significantly increased melee energy generation.
Heart of Inmost Light: Reduced duration of the empowered ability buffs in PvE to five seconds (down from 10 seconds). Reduced bonus class ability regeneration while empowered to +25% per stack in both PvE and PvP (down from +150% and +38%, respectively).
This change is intended to decrease how easy it is to get and maintain a 2x empowerment bonus in PvE, as well as reduce the total amount of bonus ability energy provided. The goal is for Heart of Inmost light to remain strong in ability-focused builds, while giving room for other Exotics to shine as well.
The Bombardiers now cause targets damaged by its explosive to become severed when used by a Strand Hunter.
Chromatic Fire has been updated to work with Strand.
Mantle of Battle Harmony updated to work with Strand.
Verity's Brow updated to work with Strand.
Felwinter's Helm triggers weaken burst off Strand melees.
Claws of Ahamkara will not provide an additional melee charge when equipped to a Strand subclass.
Armor that supports coloration and appearance change based on your currently selected subclass has been updated to support Strand. This includes the following:
2020, 2021, and 2022 Solstice Armor sets.
Antaeus Wards and ornaments.
No Backup Plans and ornaments.
WEAPONS

Crafting changes
Resonant elements have been removed.
Crafting component costs have been replaced with standard currencies such as Glimmer and Enhancement Cores.
Deepsight will now only manifest on weapons that have a pattern available to unlock.
Deepsight has been removed on existing weapons that do not have a pattern available to unlock.
The Deepsight attunement objective has been removed. You can immediately extract or dismantle the weapon to obtain pattern progress.
Crafting bug fixes
Fixed an issue where a crafted perk cost was doubled for the King's Fall weapons Defiance of Yasmin and Smite of Merain.
Updated several different weapon VFX to address miscellaneous bugs and performance issues.
Restored the correct audio to Field-Forged shotguns.
Red reticle is now enabled on PC.
Linear Fusion Rifles
Reduced damage vs. Champions, minibosses, bosses, and vehicles by 15%.
Sleeper Simulant and The Queenbreaker are unaffected.
Machine Guns
Increased damage by 10%.
Increased reserve ammo by 50% at 0 inventory stat and 20% at 100 inventory stat.
Heavy Grenade Launchers
Increased damage vs. Champions, minibosses, bosses, and vehicles by 20%, minors by 40%.
Improved projectile collision, making it slightly easier to land hits.
Increased blast radius by 1m.
Parasite is unaffected.
Shotguns
Shotgun reticles now change in size proportional to spread angle.
Related note: The Legend of Acrius hip-fire reticle is now a bit more representative of its (very large) spread angle.
Kinetic Weapons
Kinetic Primary weapon damage multiplier against unshielded combatants increased from 1.05 to 1.1.
Kinetic Special weapon damage multiplier against unshielded combatants increased from 1.05 to 1.15.
Kinetic slot Stasis weapons no longer have the 5% damage bonus versus unshielded targets in PvE.
Exotics
The Queenbreaker
Now uses Arc 3.0 blind.
Shot now chains to multiple nearby enemies.
Ruinous Effigy
Transmutation sphere slam attack now suppresses.
Leviathan's Breath
Now applies volatile on perfect draw impact.
Increased damage from 396 to 442. This allows it to once again one-hit kill all Supers in PvP.
Increased damage vs. Champions by 30%.
One Thousand Voices
Each explosion now applies 10 + 5 (with Ember of Ashes) scorch stacks.
Sunshot
Explosion on kill now applies 10 + 5 scorch stacks.
Polaris Lance
Perfect Fifth shots now apply 40 + 20 scorch stacks instead of a custom burn.
Two-Tailed Fox
Solar rocket now applies 60 + 30 scorch stacks instead of burn.
Prometheus Lens
Added the Incandescent perk to the catalyst.
Grand Overture
Switched the catalyst to use Arc blind.
The Manticore
Added a hip-fire reticle element to showing current stacks of Antigrav Repulsor.
Tractor Cannon
Fixed a crash when Tractor Cannon was fired at large groups of Stasis crystals.
The Fourth Horseman
Fixed an issue where this weapon had received an unintended 20% damage nerf.
Thunderlord
Fixed an issue where this weapon's lightning strikes could disrupt you or your teammates.
Perks
These perks have been updated to work with Strand:
Osmosis
Golden Tricorn
Elemental Capacitor
Grants +20 airborne effectiveness (+25 for the enhanced perk).
Rewind rounds
Rebuilt to work on non-Vault of Glass weapons.
Eager Edge
No longer deactivates when moving faster than 35m/s.
Deactivates correctly after a single melee swing.
Reduced the base lunge distance buff from 2 to 1.8.
Reduced airborne lunge distance penalty from 25% to 20%.
The enhanced perk now increases lunge distance slightly, back up to 2.
Blinding grenades
Renamed to "Disorienting Grenades".
Veist Stinger
This was typically a full reload when the perk activated, it now reloads 25% of the magazine.
Zen Moment
Now also reduces incoming flinch.
The perk has been branched so that shots from different archetypes ramp up the effect more quickly.
1x for Submachine Guns, Auto Rifles, and Machine Guns.
1.5x for Pulse Rifles and Sidearms.
2x for Hand Cannons and Scout Rifles.
Danger Zone
Updated the description to include that, while active, the perk also reduces self-damage from the weapon.
Wellspring
Fixed an issue where this perk was not rewarding the correct amount of energy.
Now works with abilities that have multiple charges.
For abilities with multiple charges, once the ability has one full charge it is considered "charged" and will divert excess energy into the other abilities while giving the "charged" ability the least amount.
The fix for the enhanced version of this trait is coming in a future patch.
Cascade Point
No longer triggers off of non-precision damage against weakened targets.
ABILITIES

Rescaled the efficacy of Discipline, Strength, and each class ability stat on grenade, melee, and class ability regeneration rates:
In general, Tier 10 stat is roughly equivalent to Tier 8 in the previous system.
Each increase in Tier now provides a more consistent benefit to the ability's cooldown reduction, rather than spiking heavily at low tiers.
Hunter
Supers
Arc Staff
Increased the maximum number of Orbs that can be created via defeating targets from 5 to 7.
Golden Gun: Marksman
Increased the maximum number of Orbs that can be created via defeating targets from 5 to 7.
Golden Gun: Deadshot
Increased the maximum number of Orbs that can be created via defeating targets from 5 to 7.
Spectral Blades
Increased the maximum number of Orbs that can be created via defeating targets from 5 to 7.
Reduced base cooldown time from 10m25s to 9m16s.
Gathering Storm
Decreased the maximum number of Orbs that can be created via defeating targets from 7 to 5.
Silence and Squall
Decreased the maximum number of Orbs that can be created via defeating targets from 7 to 5.
Blade Barrage
Decreased the maximum number of Orbs that can be created via defeating targets from 7 to 5.
Class Abilities
Marksman's Dodge
Reduced base cooldown time from 34s to 29s.
Gambler's Dodge
Reduced base cooldown time from 46s to 38s.
Melees
Weighted Throwing Knife
Increased base cooldown time from 109s to 137s.
Lightweight Knife
Increased base cooldown time from 90s to 100s.
Proximity Explosive Knife
Increased base cooldown time from 100s to 111s.
Withering Blade
Reduced base cooldown time from 113s to 100s.
Titan
Supers
Fists of Havoc
Increased the maximum number of Orbs that can be created via defeating targets from 5 to 7.
Increased PVE damage by 20%.
Glacial Quake
Increased the maximum number of Orbs that can be created via defeating targets from 5 to 7.
Hammer of Sol
Increased the maximum number of Orbs that can be created via defeating targets from 5 to 7.
Reduced base cooldown time from 10m25s to 9m16s.
Burning Maul
Increased the maximum number of Orbs that can be created via defeating targets from 5 to 7.
Sentinel Shield
Increased the maximum number of Orbs that can be created via defeating targets from 5 to 7.
Thundercrash
Decreased the maximum number of Orbs that can be created via defeating targets from 7 to 5.
Reduced maximum flight time from 5 seconds to 4.5 seconds.
Reduced size of the damaging volume around the player and pushed it further forward in front of the player to make drive-by disintegrations more intentional.
Reduced detonation size vs. players by ~20%; unchanged vs. PVE combatants.
Downward vertical influence now begins earlier in flight.
Ward of Dawn
Ward maximum health reduced from 13500 to 8000.
Rescaled PVE combatant damage vs. the Ward to compensate; in general, Ward of Dawn's effective HP against PvE combatants should not meaningfully change.
Standardized the damage dealt by each type of Kinetic and Energy weapon against the Ward. Previously, Energy weapons did 2.5x damage to Ward of Dawn and Kinetic weapons did 1x damage. Now regardless of damage type, weapons do 1.5x damage to the Ward.
Armor of Light has been updated to reduce its potency in PVP:
Maximum health reduced from 425 to 300.
Now inherits Void Overshield's 50% PvE damage resistance to compensate.
No longer negates precision damage.
Melees
Ballistic Slam
Now suppresses the attacking player's base melee for 0.9s after landing, so a follow-up melee cannot be performed until the player returns to first person.
Increased base cooldown time from 90s to 114s.
Shield Bash
Increased base cooldown time from 90s to 114s.
Seismic Strike
Increased base cooldown time from 90s to 101s.
Hammer Strike
Increased base cooldown time from 90s to 101s.
Shield Toss
Reduced base cooldown time from 100s to 91s.
Aspects
Knockout
Reduced basic melee damage bonus vs. players from 60% to 50%.
Reduced full body melee damage bonus vs. players from 25% to 20%.
Warlock
Supers
Stormtrance
Increased the maximum number of Orbs that can be created via defeating targets from 5 to 7.
Nova Warp
Increased the maximum number of Orbs that can be created via defeating targets from 5 to 7.
Winter's Wrath
Increased the maximum number of Orbs that can be created via defeating targets from 5 to 7.
Daybreak
Increased the maximum number of Orbs that can be created via defeating targets from 5 to 7.
Throw cost reduced from 10% to 6.5% per swing.
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 25%.
Reduced base cooldown time from 10m25s to 9m16s.
Chaos Reach
Decreased the maximum number of Orbs that can be created via defeating targets from 7 to 5.
Nova Bomb
Decreased the maximum number of Orbs that can be created via defeating targets from 7 to 5.
Class Abilities
Phoenix Dive
Reduced base cooldown time from 82s to 55s.
While Daybreak is active Phoenix Dive's cooldown is significantly reduced, allowing for rapid reactivations.
While Daybreak is active, Phoenix Dive's detonation damage increased from 40/80 min/max to 100/220.
Restoration duration when activated while Heat Rises is active increased from 1s to 3s.
Melees
Celestial Fire
Increased base cooldown time from 100s to 112s.
Incinerator Snap
Reduced base cooldown time from 90s to 83s.
Penumbral Blast
Reduced base cooldown time from 114s to 101s.
Aspects
Heat Rises
Split the airborne effectiveness bonus previously granted by consuming your grenade between a passive and active benefit:
Previously, granted 70 airborne effectiveness when Heat Rises was active after consuming a grenade.
Now grants 20 airborne effectiveness passively while Heat Rises is equipped, and an additional 50 airborne effectiveness while Heat Rises is active, for the same total of 70 airborne effectiveness.
Grenades
Arc
Lightning grenade
Increased base cooldown time from 121s to 152s.
Increased PvE damage by 20%.
Storm grenade
Increased base cooldown time from 105s to 121s.
Flux grenade
Reduced base cooldown time from 182s to 152s.
Pulse grenade
Increased PvE damage by 20%.
Solar
Healing grenade
Increased base cooldown time from 82s to 91s.
Tripmine grenade
Increased base cooldown time from 91s to 121s.
Solar grenade
Increased base cooldown time from 121s to 152s.
Increased PvE damage by 20%.
Thermite grenade
Increased base cooldown time from 105s to 121s.
Increased PvE damage by 20%.
Incendiary grenade
Reduced base cooldown time from 121s to 105s.
Void
Void Spike grenade:
Increased base cooldown time from 91s to 121s.
Increased PvE damage by 20%.
Voidwall grenade
Increased base cooldown time from 105s to 152s.
Increased PVE damage by 20%.
Vortex Grenade
Increased base cooldown time from 121s to 152s.
Increased PvE damage by 20%.
Magnetic grenade
Reduced base cooldown time from 121s to 105s.
Scatter grenade
Reduced base cooldown time from 121s to 105s.
Stasis
Duskfield grenade
Increased base cooldown time from 64s to 91s.
Added new elemental pickups to the Void and Solar subclasses:
Void Breach
Void Breaches are created by a selection of new and existing Void fragments, and grant class ability energy on pickup.
Firesprite
Firesprites are created by a suite of new and existing Solar fragments, and grant grenade energy on pickup.
Fragments
Arc
Spark of Resistance
Increased nearby enemy count requirement for activation from 2 to 3.
Reduced linger time after you're no longer surrounded from 4 seconds to 2 seconds.
Spark of Instinct (New!)
When critically wounded, taking damage from nearby enemies emits a burst of damaging Arc energy that jolts targets.
Spark of Haste (New!)
You have greatly increased Resilience, Recovery, and Mobility while sprinting.
Solar
Ember of Tempering
Now creates a Firesprite on Solar weapon kills while active, in addition to its original effects.
Ember of Combustion
Now creates a Firesprite on Solar Super defeats, in addition to its original effects.
Ember of Searing
Now creates a Firesprite when defeating scorched targets, in addition to its original effects.
Ember of Mercy (New!)
When you revive an ally, you and other nearby allies gain Restoration. Picking up a Solar Flare grants Restoration.
Ember of Resolve (New!)
Solar grenade final blows heal you.
Void
Echo of Domineering
Now creates a Void breach when defeating suppressed targets, in addition to its original effects.
Echo of Harvest
Now creates a Void breach when defeating weakened targets with precision damage, in addition to its original effects.
Echo of Starvation
Now grants devour on picking up a Void Breach, in addition to its original effects.
Now allows Orb of Power pickup with full Super energy.
Echo of Cessation (New!)
Finisher final blows create a burst of Void damage that causes nearby enemies to become volatile. Defeating volatile targets creates a Void breach.
Echo of Vigilance (New!)
Defeating a target when your shields are depleted, grants you a temporary Void overshield.
Subclass Keywords
Arc
Jolt
Jolt lightning damage now stuns Overload Champions.
Blind
Blinding Unstoppable Champions now stuns them.
Solar
Radiant
While radiant, your weapons now also pierce Barrier Champion shields and stuns them.
Note: Weapons that already have an existing anti-Champion behavior (i.e. an Artifact mod, an intrinsic anti-Champion capability, or the ability to apply another subclass keyword that stuns a Champion type) will not be granted the anti-barrier behavior from being radiant.
Ignition
Ignition damage now stuns Unstoppable Champions.
Void
Volatile Rounds
While you have volatile rounds, your Void weapons now also pierce Barrier Champion shields and stuns them.
Note: Weapons that already have an existing anti-Champion behavior (i.e. an Artifact mod, an intrinsic anti-Champion capability, or the ability to apply another subclass keyword that stuns a Champion type) will not be granted the anti-barrier behavior from volatile rounds.
Suppression
Suppressing Overload Champions now stuns them.
Stasis
Slow
Slowing Overload Champions now stuns them.
Shatter
Shatter damage now stuns Unstoppable Champions.
COMBATANTS

Champions now correctly stun even when they're playing another animation, such as a spawn-in.
This was a tricky one, so thank you for your patience!
Champion stun time is now consistent across all Champions.
This used to be dependent on the animation length, leading to slightly different times between combatants.
Champions can now be stunned with various elemental verbs:
Barrier Champions are weak to:
Shots from a player with the Solar radiant buff
Void volatile rounds
Strand unraveling rounds
Overload Champions are weak to:
Arc jolt
Void suppression
Stasis slow
Unstoppable Champions are weak to:
Arc blind
Solar ignition
Stasis shatter
Strand suspend
FINISHERS

All subclass-agnostic finishers now support Strand coloration when using a Strand subclass.
Updated the VFX for Stasis finishers to fix a coloration issue.
EMOTES

The "Ghost Fist Bump" Exotic emote now supports Strand coloration when using a Strand subclass.
POWER AND PROGRESSION

Weekly powerful rewards have been removed from Throne World and added to Neomuna.
SEASONAL UPDATES: ENGRAMS, ENERGY, FOCUSING, CHESTS, AND KEYS

Umbral engrams are no longer used to focus seasonal weapons and armor and will no longer drop from the game.
As a result, there will no longer be Seasonal umbral energy.
Seasonal engrams are a new type of engram.
You can visit the seasonal vendor to open them.
Or you can spend multiple seasonal engrams to focus into specific weapons or armor.
Seasonal focusing is now a separate screen and can be accessed at the vendor by pressing the button next to upgrades.
If you focused Crucible engrams in Season 19 at Shaxx, you'll be familiar with this system.
Seasonal engrams are stored at the vendor and do not require inventory space.
There is a wallet item you can acquire by visiting the seasonal vendor. Hovering over this item in your inventory will show you how many engrams you have for each vendor. If you delete this item, you can reacquire it from the vendor.
Owners of a season will now periodically be rewarded with a seasonal engram and/or a seasonal key upon completing activities throughout the game.
These are known as defiant engrams and defiant keys for Season of Defiance.
Playlist versions of the seasonal battlegrounds have one chest at the end of the activity.
If you DO NOT have a seasonal key when you open that chest, you will receive a seasonal weapon or armor.
If you DO have a seasonal key, it will be consumed and you will receive the following:
EITHER a seasonal weapon with Deepsight resonance that you have not completed the crafting pattern for OR a high stat piece of seasonal armor.
AND a seasonal engram.
Make sure you open the chest at the end of the activity!
World pool weapons and armor no longer drop at the end of the playlist version of seasonal activities.
Direct launch versions of the seasonal battlegrounds will not have chests and instead award world pool weapons and armor.
PLATFORMS AND SYSTEMS
PC PLATFORMS

Added support and in-game setting to toggle NVIDIA Reflex (on supported PC hardware).
Fixed various minor QoL issues regarding the Controller settings menus on PC.
GENERAL
Collision damage is no longer lethal against Guardians.
Ghost projections that changed color based on your subclass now support Strand coloration when using a Strand Subclass.
LOCALIZATION
Players now have access to full Mandarin audio localization across all new Lightfall content, the accompanying Season, and core game modes covering Crucible, Gambit, and strikes.
Ikora for German has been re-cast.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 6.3.0.7
Activities
Seasonal
Fixed an issue where Security Drone 01 from Operation: Seraph's Shield was not visible for players who had not completed enough Beyond Light campaign missions.
You now can obtain Deepsight weapons from the Seasonal vendors daily instead of weekly. Get your patterns, Guardian!
Iron Banner
Increased Iron Banner Rank gains.
Doubled multipliers from wearing Iron Banner gear.
Halved the multipliers for completing challenges.
Significantly increased the multiplier for wearing an Iron Banner emblem.
Crucible
Added quitter protections to Competitive Division.
Players completing matches that end in losses where one or more teammates were missing from the start of the match will not result in division point loss.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Fixed an issue where the Full Auto setting could occasionally stop firing while the trigger is held.
Fixed an issue where with Full Auto setting turned on, auto loading a charge-based weapon after emptying the mag allowed you to shoot them without a charge delay.
Bounties and Pursuits
Fixed an issue where a dialog prompt during the initial Enigma crafting quest would fail to advance.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 6.3.0.5
Activities
Seasonal
Heist Battleground
Fixed an issue where Shadebinder Warlocks couldn't shoot Stasis projectiles during their Super.
Legend difficulty now grants progression toward various Triumphs and Challenges.
Year-5 Seasonal ritual activities now count toward ritual progress of all Season Pass Exotic catalyst quests.
Fixed an issue where the Ritual of the Season Triumph progressed with Heavy Grenade Launchers instead of Pulse Rifles.
Crucible
Rumble: Restored as a game mode and removed from the weekly rotation.
Showdown: Fixed an issue where revives where not properly displayed on the scoreboard.
Gambit
Increased reputation gains by over 50%.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Citan's Ramparts:
Increased the cooldown of the Barricade ability while Citan's Ramparts are equipped by 70%.
Increased the amount of damage players deal to a Citan's Barricade by 25%.
Developer note: This change should decrease how often one sees a Citan's Barricade in PvP, as well as add more opportunities for effective counterplay.
Weapons
GENERAL

Adjusted Deep Stone Crypt raid encounter rewards to favor Deepsight weapons that have not had their patterns fully unlocked.
Happy farming.
Updated Deep Stone Crypt's Commemoration Machine Gun to properly allow Rapid Hit and High-Impact Reserves as crafting options, as well as Feeding Frenzy and Under Pressure.
This includes crafting support for the enhanced versions of these perks.
Fixed an issue where Tripwire Canary was not displaying the correct draw time stat in the UI.
WEAPON ARCHETYPES

Submachine Gun
General
Increased damage and aim assist falloff start at 0 range by ~30%.
Reduced damage and aim assist falloff start at 100 range by ~10%.
Adaptive
Increased critical hit multiplier from 1.44 to 1.5.
Crit damage goes from 16.2 to 16.9.
Precision
Increased Forensic Nightmare's zoom from 13 to 14.
Pulse Rifle
General
Reduced aim assist falloff start at 100 range by ~10%.
Reduced damage falloff start at 100 range by ~5%.
Increased recoil by 20% on mouse and keyboard only
Lightweight
Reduced BXR-55 Battler zoom from 20 to 18.
Sidearm
General
Reduced the Season 18 aim assist falloff distance buff from 30% to 20%.
AIRBORNE EFFECTIVENESS

Primary weapons
Aim Assist
Reduced all additional primary weapon auto-aim (bullet bend) penalties by ~60% at 0 AE (i.e., reduced penalty from 1.2 degrees to 0.5 degrees) for both mouse and keyboard as well as controller.
Increased the precision angle (how far off target you can be and still have auto-aim help you land a headshot instead of a body shot) by 50% at 100 AE.
Changed the curve to be exponential, so you'll get more benefit at high AE for both mouse and keyboard and controller.
Removed all additional Primary weapon magnetism (reticle friction) penalties, and at 60 to 100 AE you get a magnetism bonus compared to pre-AE (0.5 degrees at 100 AE) for controller only.
Reduced accuracy penalty for all Primary weapons.
At 10 AE they're now as accurate as if they had an Icarus Grip mod slotted before Season 17. (Previously they reached this level of accuracy at 30 AE.)
Approximate reduction in penalty:
Hand Cannon, Sidearm: 60%.
Auto Rifle, Scout Rifle, Pulse Rifle, Submachine Gun: 20%.
Bow: 30%.
Special weapons
Sniper Rifles and Slug Shotguns
Reduced base airborne accuracy penalty by 50%.
Pellet Shotguns
Fully removed airborne accuracy penalty.
Airborne spread angle penalty is still present.
EXOTICS

Dead Messenger
Reduced splash damage against players from waves by 35%.
Dead Man's Tale
Removed the damage penalty for 5 stacks of Cranial Spike.
Reduced hip fire and airborne aim assist cone angles by 25% on mouse and keyboard.
Reduced hip fire cone angle bonus scaling from 20% to 5%.
Reduced hip fire precision aim cone angle from 3 degrees to 0.8 degrees.
Reduced hip fire auto-aim falloff scalar from 1.5 to 1.1.
PERKS

Reversal of Fortune now triggers on two misses within 6s.
Fixed an issue where the Perfect Float perk could cause the Frenzy perk to activate prematurely.
Abilities
Increased the base cooldown time of the following class abilities by ~20%:
Towering Barricade base cooldown increased from 40s to 48s.
Rally Barricade base cooldown increased from 32s to 38s.
Thruster base cooldown increased from 30s to 36s.
Marksman's Dodge base cooldown increased from 29s to 34s.
Gambler's Dodge base cooldown increased from 38s to 46s.
Touch of Thunder - Storm Grenade:
Roaming Storm lightning strike damage reduced from 40 to 30.
Added a 0.24s delay on Roaming Storm creation after the primary grenade detonation.
Travel speed now begins at 1.5 meters/second and ramps up over 1.3s to a maximum speed of 3 meters/second.
It previously was a flat 3.5 meters/second at all times.
Tracking search range now increases in size over 2s after creation, rather than starting at full size.
Removed weapon stability, incoming flinch, and Shotgun pellet spread angle penalties applied to the player while sliding.
Power and Progression
Rare (blue) engrams no longer drop after reaching the soft gear cap. Equivalent Glimmer amount will be rewarded instead.
This update will be rolling out later today. Keep an eye out on @BungieHelp for when it's live.
Vendors
Gunsmith reputation gains increased by 25% to compensate for the lack of Rare engrams.
Bounties and Pursuits
The Exotic Catalyst Quest Boost now applies to all previous Season Pass Exotic weapon catalysts.
Season of the Haunted's gear Triumphs "Shape Opulent Weapons" and "Nightmares Take Shape" will now correctly track weapon shaping.
If you shaped one of these weapons and did not complete the objective for it, you can reshape the weapon with no changes (and thus no cost) to advance the objective.
Step seven of the Revision Zero quest "The Hidden Shape" will now correctly track weapon shaping.
Like the aforementioned Triumph, you can reshape Revision Zero with no changes to advance this objective.
Adjusted the pattern requirements of the "Report: Reverse-Lure" Exotic Glaive quest.
Recipe now only requires one portion of the required Wellspring weapons' pattern.
Additionally, the first daily drop of a Wellspring weapon will have Deepsight.
Once unlocked on a character, each class's respective Exotic Glaive recipe will be available for purchase on the Evidence Board.
Step four of The Witch Queen quest "Report: Relic-Data" now tracks weapon shaping.
The requirements for reshaping a weapon with enhanced perks have been temporarily removed.
Reshaping any weapon will complete this objective, regardless of whether the weapon has been upgraded with enhanced perks or not.
Step six of The Witch Queen quest "Reshaping the Enigma" will now track weapon shaping.
Like the "Relic-Data" quest, the Enigma quest step has had the enhanced perks requirement temporarily removed.
Reshaping The Enigma will progress this step regardless of the existence of enhanced perks on the weapon.
UI & UX
Fixed an issue where the Glorious Seal icon was inconsistent with other Seals.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 6.3.0.4
Activities
Grandmaster Nightfall
Reduced the Power Level requirement from +25 to +15 over the power cap.
Players can now enter Grandmaster Nightfalls at power cap (1580 during Season 19)
Gambit
Requirements for the Gold Coins gilding Triumph changed:
Changed the requirement from 30 wins to 50 matches played.
Wins grant bonus progress.
Dungeons
Duality: Fixed an issue where the final encounter would not drop rewards repeatedly while it's the weekly featured dungeon.
Spire of the Watcher: Improved audio of Supplicant spawns in final encounter.
Gameplay and Investment
Vendor focusing
Reduced the focusing costs of weapons and armor for Trials of Osiris, Iron Banner, Crucible, and Gambit.
Legendary Shards reduced from 50 to 25.
Glimmer reduced from 10.000 to 5.000.
Reduced the cost of focusing Trials of Osiris Adept weapons from 250 to 50 Legendary Shards.
Armor
Fixed an issue where the Iron Companion armor set was not counting towards the Gunnora's Seal Triumph.
Fixed an issue where players were unable to reset their artifact if they had no artifact unlock points available.
Weapons
Increased Deepsight weapon drop rates for all Raids and the Duality dungeon.
Fixed an issue where Fire and Forget had more visual kick than other Aggressive Frame Linear Fusion Rifles.
Fixed an issue that prevented the Legacy Ambush artifact mod from working.
Fixed an issue where the sprint reticle was missing in the player HUD when sprinting.
Fixed an issue where the Hierarchy of Needs Exotic Bow displayed the incorrect icon in the killfeed.
Fixed an issue where the Hierarchy of Needs Exotic Bow's arrow display was delayed after drawing the first arrow.
Fixed an issue where Volatile detonations triggered at a higher than expected cadence.
Fixed an issue where the Bray Inheritance Trait granted more ability energy than intended on Machine Guns and Swords.
Updated the Reconstruction perk description in all non-English languages.
General
Fixed an issue where the Seraph Cipher Mods Triumph was not progressing properly.
Added an emblem metric for Collections score.
Dawning currencies can now be dismantled in stacks after the event has concluded.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 6.3.0.3
Activities
Heist Battlegrounds
Fixed an issue where the game would crash when depositing an Arc charge while the boss is immune in Heist Battlegrounds.
Players can now join in progress during the boss encounters in the Heist Battlegrounds playlist.
Fixed an issue where the Heist Battlegrounds: Legend node would sometimes display incorrect activity details, such as matchmaking.
Strikes
Fixed an issue where the Devil's Lair strike boss did not count as a Fallen boss for certain objectives.
Fixed an issue where the rank reputation booster modifier icon would not display on activity launch screens.
Gambit
Fixed an issue where the rank reputation booster modifier icon would not display on activity launch screens.
Crucible
Competitive

Fixed an issue that caused Promotion and Relegation series director dialogs to display at the wrong time.
Reduced round score limit in Showdown to 10 from 15.
Adjusted the match score limit for 3v3 Rift and Survival to 3 rounds to win.
Quickplay

Adjusted the quitter penalty system to be more lenient before triggering the quitter warning message and suspension timer.
Game History

Fixed an issue where Season 19 Competitive Crucible and Iron Banner matches were missing from Bungie.net Game History APIs.
Dungeons
Spire of the Watcher: Fixed an issue that allowed the Warlock Stasis Super to activate Arc node circuits without line of sight.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Unstoppable Hand Cannon perk now activates more quickly and no longer plays its audio cue when using a non-Hand Cannon weapon.
The Energy Diffusion Substrate mod now correctly stacks up to three times.
The Candescent armor sets now appear correctly in the Appearance Customization screen.
Crown of Tempest will no longer provide ability energy when using a non-Arc subclass.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where Wish-Ender's additional hits were disabled when the Anti-Barrier Bow mod was equipped.
Fixed an issue where Kill Clip wasn't correctly being refreshed when already active.
Fixed an issue where Revision Zero's weapon glint wasn't consistently visible when in the alternate high damage mode.
Fixed an issue where Rapid-Fire Shotguns didn't have the intended bonus reserves.
Fixed an issue where Jade Rabbit's Exotic perk applied its damage buff to all outgoing damage.
Fixed an issue where the lights on Witherhoard's Exotic ornament Drowned in Strife operated in reverse (they were lighting up when the weapon was empty, now they light up when it's full).
Abilities
Fixed an issue where Spark of Frequency was not consistently granting its reload speed bonus on melee hit when paired with some Arc melee abilities.
Bounties and Pursuits
Fixed an issue preventing players from progressing the intro mission for Season of the Seraph on characters that had not completed the intro for The Witch Queen. To access Season of the Seraph, complete the "Hierarchy" activity on Europa.
Updated the Crucible Threader bounty for capturing Control Points, now requires 15 captures (down from 30).
Vendors
Xr will now sell the v1.0.3 version of the IKELOS weapons rather than the v1.0.2 versions he sold before.
General
UI loader has been optimized to improve snappiness when switching between multiple screens quickly.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 6.3.0.2
UI/UX
Fixed an issue and players can now access Pirate Hideouts from the H.E.L.M. once again.
General
Deployed changes to the targeting lasers in Season of the Seraph activities regarding photosensitivity.
Adjustments made to graphical elements (frequency) of the laser animation.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 6.3.0.1
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Fixed an issue where the Lightning Surge Warlock melee ability was not correctly triggering the effects of the Felwinter's Helm Exotic helmet.
Reworked the activation triggers and effects of the Gyrfalcon's Hauberk Exotic chest. The new functionality is:
When you emerge from invisibility, your Void weapons gain Volatile Rounds for a short time.
When you perform a finisher on an enemy while you are invisible, you gain a temporary bonus to weapon damage and a reserve overshield for you and nearby allies.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where hip-fire reticles were missing on Slug Shotguns.
Pugilist, Demolitionist, and Wellspring now properly grant ability energy even when the ability is overridden. For example, melee abilities will now get melee energy from Wellspring when holding a Sword or Glaive.
Fixed an issue where the Encore perk icon was showing when the weapon was stowed.
Fixed an issue where the Enhanced Chain Reaction didnt show that Swords receive improved guard endurance.
Fixed an issue where Icarus Grip and Air Assault wouldnt show the weapons improved Airborne Effectiveness value.
Abilities
Void Invisibility:
While invisible, your maximum radar range is now capped at 24m.
Triumphs, Title, and Seasonal Challenges
Reduced the number of Triumphs required for the "Seraph" title from 10 to 9. Reduced the completion requirements by ~50% for the Precision Loadout Seasonal Challenge.
Storefront
Fixed an issue where the incorrect Season was shown on the archive carousel.

Destiny 2 Update 6.3.0
Activities
Raids and Dungeons
Fixed an issue in Vow of the Disciple where encounter challenges were unintentionally active for Guided Games.
Fixed an issue where the Regicide Triumph for King's Fall remained visible when it could no longer be obtained.
Fixed an issue in King's Fall during the Warpriest encounter where players could bypass plate mechanics.
Fixed an issue in King's Fall during the Daughters encounterchallenge that bypassed intended completion requirements.
Fixed an issue in Duality where players sometimes self-revived and respawned outside of the final encounter.
Artifice Armor pieces that previously lost their bonus artifact mod sockets have had those sockets restored and can be used to slot Season 19 artifact mods.
Crucible
Playlists
Quickplay (6v6)
It is now a playlist with both Clash and Control.
Uses loose skill-based matchmaking (SBMM), which we have tuned during Season 18.
Weekly Rotator (6v6/Free For All)
Rotates weekly between Momentum Control, Mayhem, Scorched, Rift, and Rumble.
Use purely connection-based matchmaking (CBMM).
Competitive Division / Freelance (3v3)
This is now a playlist, randomly picking Survival, Rift, and Showdown.
Uses a new SBMM setting built using concepts we developed for loose SBMM tuning but tightened to match you more closely against opponents of your skill.
Crucible Labs
During Season 19, Labs is showcasing 3v3 Rift with asymmetric maps.
Labs now have a stacking +25% reputation booster.
Crucible Labs uses CBMM.
Trials of Osiris (3v3)
When Trials is active, it replaces Crucible Labs.
Iron Banner / Freelance (6v6)
When Iron Banner is active, it replaces the Quickplay node.
Competitive Division
Glory progression deprecated.
New Competitive Division ladder implemented.
Progress through seven divisions, based on your skill in the Crucible:
Copper
Bronze
Silver
Gold
Platinum
Adept
Ascendant
Earn/lose more/less skill by:
Winning.
Playing well.
Having your division be above/below your skill rating.
Being better/worse than the rest of the lobby.
Participate in:
Placement Series to start each Season and be placed in an initial division based on skill.
Promotion Series to promote to a higher division.
Relegation Series to avoid demotion to a lower division.
Avoid division decay by playing some matches each week. Avoid division decay by playing some matches each week.
Shaxx has an intro quest to get you started!
Competitive Division Rewards
A cool division.
Your division gives you a stacking Crucible Rank bonus:
Copper and Bronze - 1.0x
Silver - 1.1x
Gold - 1.2x
Platinum - 1.3x
Adept - 1.4x
Ascendant - 1.5x
Once a week, each character can complete a Competitive Division challenge to earn a drop of the Rose Hand Cannon.
Quickplay
We are implementing a new matchmaking parameter in Quickplay: fireteam size. Expect more fireteam vs. fireteam matches in Quickplay and, as the Season continues, other playlists.
Lowered the amount of suspension time handed out for serial quitting in the Quickplay playlist.
Added the amount of time remaining to all suspension messages and made the messages trigger when clicking on the node. If you want to know how much time you have left before you can play again, the information is now available.
Rewards
New Crucible Seal and Title
Unbroken and its Glory related Triumphs have been memorialized.
Added new Crucible title 'Glorious' and new Triumphs.
Crucible Engrams
Crucible Engrams will be a virtual currency and live exclusively on the Rank Progress bar on Lord Shaxx.
Players can open Crucible Engrams by visiting Shaxx, no Rahool needed.
Crucible Gear Focusing
You can focus the Crucible Engram directly into either Crucible armor or Crucible weapons.
Crucible gear focusing cost for Season 19:
One Crucible Engram
10,000 Glimmer
50 Legendary Shards
Crucible Engrams DO NOT need to be "claimed" to be spent on focusing.
Individual pieces of gear must have been acquired at least once prior to being available for focusing.
Crucible armor available for focusing in Season 19:
Clutch Extol Set
Crucible weapons available for focusing in Season 19:
Stars in Shadow
The Keening
Frozen Orbit
Survivor's Epitaph
Sorrow's Verse
Crisis Inverted
Riptide
Out of Bounds
Brand new Crucible weapons are only available as drops during their introductory Season and are then available for focusing the following Season.
Other Shaxx changes
The Kill-Tracker Ghost Shell will no longer appear at Lord Shaxx if it has already been acquired. It may be reacquired from Collections.
Bounties
Fixed some issues where Void objectives for weaken and suppress were not counting correctly against Guardians.
Reduced number of final blows required for some bounties calling for elemental status effects in Crucible.
Updated Crucible bounty availability to align with Crucible revamp changes.
Modes
Quickplay suspension timer is now separate from Competitive. Suspension time remaining is now displayed.
Showdown Heavy ammo initial spawn time increased to 60s, is not shareable, and only spawns once per round.
Rift Heavy ammo is not shareable.
3v3 Rift and Showdown resurrect timer set to 2s; respawn timer set to 7s.
Mode rule descriptions added to launch screen of all Crucible modes.
Loading screen hints added for all Crucible and Iron Banner modes.
Curated maps in all Crucible modes.
General
Eternity should now award progress towards This Is the Way Triumph in Trials.
Fixed landing cinematic for Disjunction in Glory playlist.
Crucible Rank reputation is increased based on your Ranked 3v3 ladder rank.
MIDA Multi-Tool catalyst can now drop from any Crucible win.
Strikes
Players will no longer be able to summon Sparrows in Maevic Square during the Lake of Shadows strike.
Fixed an issue where some Champion strings displayed the wrong icons.
Fixed rare issue of objectives not updating in the Warden of Nothing strike.
Public Events
Increased Glimmer rewards for completing public events.
Heroic public events reward 10K and 12.5K Glimmer.
Non-heroic public events reward 3300 and 4645 Glimmer.
UI/UX
Fixed an issue preventing the color preview squares for Colorblind settings from updating until navigating away from the Settings screen and back.
Fixed an issue where the Fast Travel tutorial would appear multiple times during New Light and could not be dismissed.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Shaders
Reduced glow intensity of Gambit Jadestone to be in line with that of other shaders.
This was done to diminish the negative impact of the shader on fellow Guardians.
Other such shaders will follow in the future.
Wormgod Caress
Reduced maximum damage multiplier from 7.5x to 3.5x.
Winter's Guile
Reduced maximum damage multiplier from 7.5x to 3.5x.
Lucky Pants
No longer scale the damage of the jolted status effect when applied by a Hand Cannon.
Mods
Restorative Finisher no longer prevents you from performing a finisher if you do not have enough Super energy to trigger its benefit.
Unstoppable Hand Cannon now correctly requires you to aim down sights without firing your Hand Cannon before activating the unstoppable effect.
Weapons
General
Added a full auto toggle to the Gameplay section of the Settings menu. This will make all weapons fire at full auto.
Reduced the size and intensity of Lumina's muzzle flash in order to alleviate photosensitivity concerns.
Omolon weapons will now correctly display the liquid ammunition color that corresponds to their damage type while in the inspection screen.
Shoot to Loot can once again pick up ammo via explosion damage.
To Excess (Opulent origin trait) no longer displays a stacking counter when triggered on multiple weapons. (This is purely a visual change).
Weapon Archetypes
Sidearm
Reduced zoom stat on Drang and Drang (Baroque) from 14 to 13.
Fusion Rifle
Main Ingredient
Reduced stability from 49 to 35.
Reduced aim assist stat from 59 to 45.
Rebuilt the Fusion Rifle hip-fire reticle to react more obviously to changes in accuracy cone.
Shotgun
Added a fixed pellet spread to each Legendary Pellet Shotgun subfamily and a matching custom reticle.
Aggressive: Fixed evenly distributed cone.
Precision (includes Duality hip-fire): Vertical oval.
Lightweight: Diamond.
Rapid-Fire: Square.
Updated reticle for slug Shotgun to better represent precision.
Rapid-Fire:
Increased PvE damage by 5%.
Reload speed benefit now applies at all times instead of only when reloading from empty.
Aggressive:
Fixed several Shotguns which were using the incorrect intrinsic Aggressive perk. Now all Aggressive Shotguns will increase RPM after a kill, as intended.
Glaive
Glaive projectiles have been adjusted for more reliable hit detection.
Glaive melee attacks can now benefit from the Exotic armor perks on Synthoceps, Wormgod Caress, and Winter's Guile.
Glaive melee damage multipliers reduced by 25-30% against Champions, minibosses, bosses, and vehicles. Majors and minors are unchanged.
Glaive melee base damage reduced from 75 to 67.
Grenade Launchers, The Queenbreaker, and Grand Overture
Switched from the old blinding screen effect to the new Arc blind one with reduced screen effect brightness.
Hand Cannon
Rose has new stats.
Increased range from 38 to 43.
Reduced stability from 45 to 40.
Reduced handling from 68 to 60.
Airborne effectiveness is 20.
Weapon Mods
The Dragonfly, Rampage, and Surrounded perks now have their spec mod behaviors enabled by default.
Perks
Air Assault
Now grants a stacking bonus to airborne effectiveness. Maximum two stacks: one per final blow, two per airborne final blow. Each stack is +30 AE.
Headseeker
Body shots now increase your precision multiplier and increase aim assist. Additional body shots reset the timer.
It has a 0.55s base timer. Body shots while the perk is active reset the timer.
Encore
Final blows now grant stacks of Encore. Stacks grant increased stability, range, and accuracy (+8 stability, +5 range, and +1.25% accuracy per stack).
Body shot final blows grant one stack, precision final blows grant two stacks, with a maximum of four stacks.
Lasts 7s, Enhanced Encore lasts 7.5s. Final blows refresh the timer.
Seraph Rounds
Removed +10% range scalar.
Now gives +7 stability, +3 range.
Tunnel Vision + Kill Clip
The duration of these buffs can now be refreshed if activated while already active.
Reduced damage bonus from Kill Clip from 33% to 25%.
Redirection
Now builds stacks against minor enemies and consumes them on everything else (i.e., matches Minor Spec and other perks that use similar language).
Hkke Breach Armaments
Now increases damage vs. Ward of Dawn and Well of Radiance sword by 30% (60% with the artifact mod).
Damage bonus against Stasis crystals has been increased by 15% (both base and with artifact mod).
Gutshot Straight
Increased bonus Auto Rifle body shot damage from 10% to 20%.
Compulsive Reloader
Now remains active down to half ammo.
High-Impact Frame intrinsic perk
Now allows a very small amount of movement instead of turning off with any movement.
Ambitious Assassin
Increased allowed time between final blows from 5s to 7s.
Well-Rounded
Duration increased from 10s to 15s.
Stacking the effect still resets the timer.
Recombination
Fixed the perk to work correctly in PvP.
Grants up to 100% bonus damage at max stacks in PvE.
50% in PvP.
Zen Moment
No longer deactivates on a miss. Now has a 1s timer.
Rewind Rounds
Now work correctly when hitting the cage created by Divinity.
Genesis
Now triggers on breaking player shields.
One Quiet Moment
Now reactivates much faster after a final blow.
Gun and Run
Reduced the number of final blows needed to activate.
Box Breathing
Reduced damage bonus on Scout Rifles by 5%.
Unstoppable Force
Reduced damage bonus from 30% to 20%.
One-Two Punch
Reduced bonus melee damage as follows:
From 3x to 2x vs. most enemies with unpowered melees.
From 1.8x to 1.4x vs. most enemies with charged melees.
Reduced the additional bonus vs. bosses from 0.5 to 0.25.
Enhanced Perks
Enhanced Unrelenting
Removed +5 handling.
Added +5 health regeneration.
Enhanced Perpetual Motion
Removed .1s faster activation.
Removed .1s grace period on end.
Added 1s faster activation of x2 stacks.
Enhanced Timed Payload
Shifted from +5 range to +5 stability.
Enhanced Explosive Payload
Shifted from +5 range to +5 reload.
Enhanced Firing Line
Added +10 handling when near allies.
Removed increased neutral range.
Enhanced Grave Robber
Changed +5 reload to +5 handling.
Enhanced Explosive Light
Added one more charge (stack caps at 7).
Enhanced Cornered
Added +10 stability when active.
Enhanced Cold Steel
Now adds +10 energy and weapon sizw to be consistent with other ammo capacity-increasing perks.
Enhanced Vorpal Weapon
Changed from +5 reload to +5 stability.
This will apply to the guard resistance stat on Swords.
Enhanced Genesis
Removed Primary ammo overflow.
Now provides additional handling.
Enhanced Flash Counter
Corrected an issue where this only provided a display stat to Swords; now this will properly provide increased ammo capacity.
Enhanced Chain Reaction
Updated its definition as inventory provides a different benefit to Swords.
Enhanced Ambitious Assassin
Increased allowed time between final blows from 6s to 8s.
Exotics
The Fundamentals trait (present on the damage-type switching Exotics like Borealis, Hard Light, and Dead Messenger)
Added stats to each element
Arc: +25 handling and +5 range.
Solar: +35 reload speed and +20 airborne effectiveness.
Void: +20 stability and +10 aim assist.
Borealis
Breaking a matched shield now refills the magazine from reserves and allows your next five shots to deal bonus damage.
Not deactivated by reloading anymore.
Jade Rabbit
New perk design:
Quickly landing three crits returns one round to the magazine, and allows your next body shot to land for increased damage.
Can stack up to three increased damage body shots.
Resets if you reload.
With the addition of the Full Auto setting, we've replaced the Full Auto Trigger System perk with something else on each weapon that had it.
No Time to Explain
Replaced with Feeding Frenzy.
Traveler's Chosen
Catalyst perk replaced with Surplus.
It still has Osmosis.
Vigilance Wing
Catalyst perk replaced with Ensemble.
Dead Man's Tale
Now prefers critical hits over body hits in hip-fire if both types of targets are inside the precision aim cone.
Increased body shot damage from 46 to 54, reduced crit damage from 81 to 80.
D.A.R.C.I.
Now applies Jolt when damaging targets affected by Personal Assistant.
Increased base airborne effectiveness to 80.
Wish-Ender
Increased its hidden damage bonus vs Witherhoard-blighted targets from 10% to 25%.
Whisper of the Worm
Increased base airborne effectiveness to 80.
The Prospector
Added Chain Reaction to the intrinsic perk.
The Fourth Horseman
Decreased recoil by 50%.
Forerunner
Increased crit damage by 30% in PvE.
Reduced base damage from 40 to 37 and crit damage from 72 to 67 in PvP.
The Rock perk:
Increased damage by 60% in PvE.
Increased damage at the outer edge damage radius from 0% to 20%.
Reduced ammo cost to activate from 6 to 4.
Merciless
Decreased charge time on hit no longer resets on kill or on reload and now works on a five-second timer.
The timer is refreshed when landing hits.
Rat King
Radius required to activate its perk increased from 15m to 20m.
Legend of Acrius
Removed movement penalties.
Bastion
Reduced spread angle by 6%.
This halves the effect of Season 14's spread angle increase.
Quicksilver Storm
Increased PvP maximum grenade damage from 80 to 120. Increased explosion radius from 3m to 4m.
Switched rocket damage from Arc to Kinetic.
Coldheart
Reduced cooldown on Ionic Trace generation from 3.5s to 2s.
Now maxes out stability and reload speed when at maximum damage.
Picking up an Ionic Trace now reduces the time it takes to get to max damage.
Grand Overture
Increased missile damage by ~50%.
Xenophage
Now deals part (roughly half) of its damage as impact damage, and the rest as detonation.
Overall damage increased by 5%.
Cloudstrike
The lightning storm will now correctly activate when hitting Divinity's cage.
Witherhoard
Reduced Taken blight duration from 7.5s to 4.5s.
Divinity
Reduced Divinity's weaken from 30% to 15%.
Still self-buffs to 30%.
Gjallarhorn
Reduced primary rocket's impact and detonation damage by 25%.
Wolfpack Rounds damage unaffected.
Arbalest
Reduced body shot damage to match Lorentz Driver.
Abilities
Solar subclasses
Gunslinger
Knock 'Em Down
Golden Gun
Now provides 15% bonus damage resistance to Deadshot Golden Gun, and no longer provides bonus duration.
No longer provides 15% bonus damage resistance to Marksman Golden Gun.
Note: After seeing this play out in the wild, it was clear that there wasn't enough differentiation between Deadshot and Marksman Golden Gun, primarily due to Deadshot benefiting significantly more from Knock 'Em Down's bonus duration (as seen by the number of Seventh, Eighth, and Fourteenth Column videos in recent months). We want to push these two enhanced Supers further apart and solidify Marksman Golden Gun as the option where you can take your time to aim your shot from range, and Deadshot as a more in-the-fray option. We believed that doubling up on bonuses and the bonus duration was confusing these identities and not giving them enough space to breathe.
Blade Barrage
Blade Barrage bonus projectiles reduced from 5 to 3 per group. It now releases a total of 20 knives (+43% from base), down from 24.
Note: While it was refreshing to see Blade Barrage topping the charts as a change of pace, the stacking bonuses from Patch 6.1.0's PvE damage increase and consistency improvements and Knock 'Em Down's bonus knives, in combination with other buildcrafting elements, pushed the burst damage of Blade Barrage above where we were comfortable with burst Supers being. We believe this will still be a strong option for burst damage without being as much of an outlier.
Dawnblade
Celestial Fire
Increased close-range melee damage from 90 to 100, so players using Celestial Fire and the auto-melee option are no longer disadvantaged in close-range melee fights.
General
Ember of Torches
Radiant base duration reduced from 10s to 8s.
Now applies a -10 Discipline penalty while equipped.
Ember of Solace
Now provides a 50% bonus to Radiant duration, rather than a flat 5s.
Note: this is consistent with its behavior with Restoration.
Restoration
Restoration x1 base healing rate reduced from 25 to 20 health per second (40 health per second in PvE activities, down from 50).
Restoration x2 base healing rate reduced from 40 to 32.5 health per second (65 health per second in PvE activities, down from 80).
No longer stacks with Healing Rift's healing. The stronger heal-over-time value is prioritized and will stop the weaker heal-over-time from taking effect.
Void subclasses
Nightstalker
Shadowshot: Deadfall
Increased tether anchor lifetime when triggered from 8s to 12s.
Shadowshot: Moebius Quiver
Reduced tether anchor lifetime when triggered from 8s to 6s.
Sentinel
Shield Bash
Improved reliability of the suppression application when hitting the primary target under poor network conditions.
Voidwalker
Nova Bomb: Vortex
Increased initial projectile speed by 21%.
Increased radius of the inward pull impulse on impact by ~17%.
Increased strength of the inward pull impulse on impact by ~20%.
Note: Vortex Nova Bomb has felt like a niche option for a while now, and we want to improve its viability relative to Cataclysm Nova Bomb by doubling down on its unique pull impulse. We also felt like it was too easy to undershoot targets at close-to-mid ranges. Increasing the initial projectile speed should help players catch their intended target more reliably.
General
Void Overshield
Fixed an issue where the Void overshield was only providing 25% PvE-only damage resistance to the overshield, rather than the intended 50%.
Stasis Subclasses
Revenant
Winter's Shroud
Fragment slots increased from 1 to 2.
Shadebinder
Glacial Harvest
Reduced cooldown on Stasis shard creation (per 6 shards) from 15sto 10s.
Behemoth
Cryoclasm
Fragment slots increased from 1 to 2.
Stasis Grenades
Duskfield Grenade
Increased slow stack application rate on players by 13%.
Coldsnap Grenade
Coldsnap can now track targets for 0.5s after creation, rather than immediately finding a target and traveling toward their last known position.
Note: Base Coldsnap grenade was not meeting our reliability bar and was too frequently getting stuck in the environment or missing targets that had not significantly changed position. Our goal with this change is to increase Coldsnap's reliability without compromising the ability for potential victims to relocate and avoid being frozen.
General
Stasis Slow
Increased movement speed penalty while Slowed by 10%.
Whisper of Rending
Now provides bonus damage to Stasis crystals and frozen targets for all Primary weapons, rather than just Kinetic Primary weapons.
Arc Subclasses
Arcstrider
Tempest Strike
Increased Tempest Strike damage against PvE combatants by 30%.
Striker
Ballistic Slam
Increased Ballistic Slam damage against PvE combatants by 16%.
Touch of Thunder
Storm Grenade
Decreased Touch of Thunder's Storm Grenade base roaming duration from 5s to 4s.
Decreased the bonus lifetime granted by Spark of Magnitude to the enhanced Storm Grenade from 2s to 1.5s.
Fixed an issue that caused the enhanced Storm Grenade's effective area to be difficult to understand in PvP.
Previously, the friend-or-foe ring surrounding a Touch of Thunder Storm Grenade's lightning strikes blinked on and off between strikes, and there was no indication within the cloud itself of whether or not it was friend or foe. Now, the ring persists through the life of the storm, and enemy storms have an additional VFX layer in the cloud itself to help differentiate them from those created by allies.
Stormcaller
Ball Lightning
Increased travel distance from 27.5m to 35m.
Chain Lightning
Increased damage against PvE combatants by 50%.
Arc Soul
Increased base damage vs. PvE combatants from 35 to 60.
Note: With the release of Season 18, we increased Arc Soul's base damage in PvE from 25 to 35, but it's clear that wasn't enough to help them feel particularly useful in very high-end PvE activities, so we decided to swing harder this time. We'll be keeping an eye on this one as the Season progresses to make sure these are landing where we'd hoped.
Chaos Reach
Reduced base cooldown from 9:16 to 7:35.
Power and Progression
Fixed an issue where Shaw Han's supply chest in the Cosmodrome could award items that have been removed from the game.
Fixed an issue where Europa and Beyond Light content may have been inaccessible to some players.
Focusing
You can no longer preview a focusing engram where you have no eligible items to decrypt.
Dares of Eternity
Daily and weekly bounties from Xr and Starhorse now reward Strange Favor reputation.
The amount of Strange Favor reputation earned by completing Dares on Legend difficulty has been increased.
Destiny 2: Year-4 weapons and armor sets and Tangled Shore armor sets have been added to the Dares of Eternity reward pool.
Destiny 2: Year-3 weapons and older, no longer available, destination armor sets (from Io, Mars, Mercury, and Titan) have been removed from the Dares of Eternity reward pool.
Destination Materials
All existing in-game sources of destination materials will be disabled. Players will no longer earn destination materials via interacting with resource nodes, opening chests, completing public events, finishing strikes, etc.
Harvesting resource nodes will now grant Glimmer and XP directly instead of destination materials,
Destination materials removed:
Glacial Starwort - Europa
Dusklight Shard - EDZ
Helium Filaments - Luna
Spinmetal Leaves - Cosmodrome
Baryon Bough - Dreaming City
Microphasic Datalattice - Nessus
Material Exchange
Rahool will no longer sell destination materials.
Players who have destination materials on their account will still be able to exchange them for Glimmer at Rahool, although at a reduced rate compared to what is currently offered.
Current exchange rate: 20 destination materials = 10,000 Glimmer.
Rahool will provide context sensitive offers that will display depending on how many of each material players have in their inventory, offers will be invisible to players who do not have any destination materials.
New exchange rate: 20 destination materials = 5,000 Glimmer.
Offers are Only visible if players have more than 20 of the associated material in their inventory.
New exchange rate: 1 destination material = 250 Glimmer.
Offers are only visible if players have less than 20, but more than zero of the associated material in their inventory.
This will be the only use for destination materials beyond Season 19.
These offers are unavailable for previously deprecated materials such as Etheric Spirals, Alkane Dust, Phaseglass Needles, or Seraphite.
We don't want players to feel bad if they have thrown these resources away.
Rahool now allows players to exchange the following materials for Glimmer:
Dark Fragment
Phantasmal Fragment
Herealways Piece
Vendors
Destination material cost has been removed from Upgrade Module purchases.
Purchasing costs for the Monument to Lost Lights will see the destination material costs replaced with Legendary Shard costs.
As mentioned earlier in these patch notes, the Kill-Tracker Ghost Shell will no longer appear on Lord Shaxx if it has already been acquired. It may be reacquired from Collections.
Devrim Kay and Failsafe will see their current reputation system, which required players to spend Dusklight Shards and Microphasic Datalattice, respectively, removed.
Currently out of scope to create new reputation system akin to what we saw with Finch on Throneworld.
These vendors will no longer sell sunset weapons.
Destination armor will be available for purchase without requiring players to earn ranks with the vendor.
Cost will be 1000 Glimmer and 25 Legendary Shards.
Emblems and rewards that were once unlocked through ranking up vendor will become purchasable on vendor.
Ghost Shell Cost: 10 Legendary Shards.
Emblem Cost: 25 Legendary Shards.
Increase the number of daily bounties available at the vendor from 3 to 4 to be in line with other destinations.
Ghost Mods
The following Ghost Mods will be removed as they no longer will have any functionality in the game:
Materialism (Vanguard)
Materialism (Crucible)
Materialism (Gambit)
The Following Ghost Mods will see changes to their functionality:
Public Defender: no longer increases destination material acquisition, now offers increased Glimmer rewards.
Bountiful Harvest: no longer increases destination material acquisition, now offers increased Glimmer rewards.
Platforms and Systems
Fixed an issue where, after joining a player through a Bungie invite, attempting to join a different player by accepting a platform invite will send them to first player's fireteam.
Fixed an issue where emblems rewarded by completing the King's Fall raid or raid carries are missed by the raid metrics category.
Fixed an issue where chat disabled via in-game settings would remain inactive when players try to engage by text in the chat.
General
Fixed an issue where subclass emblems were not properly unlocked with New Light completion.
Localization
French Exo Stranger voice talent has been recast.
Spanish Castilian Exo Stranger voice talent has been recast.
Russian Mara Sov was temporary recast for Season 19.
Original talent will come back for future releases.
Lightfall expansion renamed for Portuguese-BR to Queda da Luz.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 6.2.5.4
Activities
Seasonal
Fixed an issue where players were not able to acquire Scallywag Seal due to being blocked by the Semaphore Signals Triumph. The Semaphore Signals Triumph is no longer needed for Scallywag Seal.
Players can still unlock the Semaphore Signals Triumph for Triumph score and hear that sweet, sweet narrative radio content by proceeding on their Sails of the Shipstealer quest.
If players have a character that has finished the quest but are blocked by this issue, they must progress on characters that have not yet finished the quest.
For maximum efficiency in unlocking radio content, we don't advise progressing on this quest on multiple characters.
Beware: only one radio entry can be played per-visit to Eliksni Quarter. If players have made significant progress through the Sails of the Shipstealer quest such that they have multiple radio entries available, they will need to go to orbit and return to Eliksni Quarter between each radio usage.
Dialogs in Ketchcrash and Expedition will now respect a character's progress through the Seasonal narrative and play contextually appropriate lines.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 6.2.5.3
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Fixed an issue where certain shaders applied textures incorrectly to some pieces of the Festival of the Lost mech-themed armor ornaments.
Weapon Balance
Linear Fusion Rifles

General
Increased the flinch received from player damage.
Flinch magnitude from players has been increased to 4x that of Sniper Rifles to make up for the lower zoom and higher aim assist.
Increased the flinch settle time by 60%.
This change is the same as the one recently applied to Sniper Rifles.
Significantly reduced the flinch received from non-player combatants damage by 80%.
Arbalest and Lorentz Driver
Reduced the aim assist cones by 35%.
General
Fixed an issue where the Intended Authority Seasonal Challenge showed inaccurate rewards.
The Psychic Warfare emblem was the right reward and it's now stated as such.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 6.2.5.2
Activities
Raids and Dungeons
Fixed an issue where dungeon solo flawless Triumphs had the incorrect description.
Now clarifies that players need to do it in a single activity session (Note: This has always been the behavior for all flawless related Triumphs, but it wasn't explicitly mentioned in these Triumph until now)
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Fixed an issue where Lord of Wolves was increasing ability damage in addition to its own.
Fixed an issue where the extra 20% bonus to aim assist fall off was not removed from Rangefinder.
Eververse
Fixed an issue where Angel's Gleam and Flower Child shaders had incorrect sources listed in Collections.

DESTINY 2 HOTFIX 6.2.5.1
Activities
Crucible
Fixed an issue where Iron Banner: Eruption was awarding Crucible medals instead of Iron Banner medals.
Seasonal
Fixed an issue where players were prevented from placing Ships of the Shipstealer relics in the H.E.L.M.
Fixed an issue where the week-seven Seasonal Challenge "Shaper II was significantly harder to achieve than other Challenges that are required in order to gain Repute.
Raids and Dungeons
Fixed an issue where players sometimes didn't teleport to reward location after completing final encounter.
Fixed an issue where certain raids and dungeons were not progressing the Masked Mayhem Triumph for gilding the Ghost Writer Seal.
Gameplay and Investment
Fixed an issue where Enhanced Repulsor Brace was not stronger than the base perk.
Fixed an issue where Mindbender's Ambition (Adept) wasn't dropping with two perks in the left trait column.
Fixed an issue where the scope for Arbalest's Electromagnetic Execution ornament would flicker under some circumstances.
Reduced the number of Headless Ones needed to be defeated in Haunted Lost Sectors for the One of Many Triumph.
Eververse
Manse Macabre ship preview is now brighter.
Festival of the Lost Event Card
Fixed an issue where the purchase button tooltip on the Event Card upgrade dialog was missing ticket expiration text.
Fixed an issue where the image and instant reward icon of the Bold Chapalu Sparrow on the Event Card upgrade dialog were using incorrect dyes.
Fixed an issue where the Automatic Transmission Event Card challenge was rewarding the Mechabre Sniper Rifle instead of the BrayTech Werewolf Auto Rifle.

Destiny 2 Update 6.2.5
Activities
Crucible
Fixed an issue where Crucible and Iron Banner Seasonal kills and deaths were only being updated at match complete, rather than continually during the match.
Fixed an issue where Guardian eliminations did not progress the Seasonal Greetings Triumph. Fixed an issue in Rumble where some incorrect voiceover lines were playing.
Shaxx apologies profusely.
Iron Banner: Eruption
Fixed an issue where Crucible medals were awarded rather than Iron Banner ones.
Fixed issue where shutdown bonus points were awarded multiple times if more than one player contributed to the shutdown.
It will now only award points to the team once.
Fixed an issue where the game type icon did not display on the activity intro screen.
Expedition: Plunder
Ruffians will no longer despawn when drill phases end. Additionally, their spawn rate has increased by 7%.
Dares of Eternity
Treasure Coordinates will now drop after activity completion.
Raids and Dungeons
Added mitigations for issues where players could inadvertently die after ringing the Bell of Conquest in the Duality dungeon.
Fixed an issue in Duality dungeon where rapidly interacting with Calus statues could block progression.
Fixed an issue in King's Fall where players received confirmation on completion of the Deepsight puzzle but didn't have the chest spawn.
Fixed an issue in King's Fall where players would join in progress at the wrong location before starting the Golgoroth encounter.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Fixed an issue where Gyrfalcon's Hauberk Overshield allowed players to gain infinite Juggernaut melees, Loreley Splendor Helm Sunspots, and Promethium Spur Rifts.
Fixed an issue where Ionic Traces Generated from Fallen Star granted Glaive shield energy.
Fixed an issue where Dawn Chorus was not showing in players Collections.
Second Chance Anti-barrier shield throw will now fully deplete a Barrier Champions barrier at the Grandmaster level.
Weapons
Version of Horrors Least no longer in the game has been removed as a requirement for the Dreaming City badge for all three classes.
Blood Feud Submachine Gun will no longer appear tiny on the inspection screen.
Fixed Wish-Ender's Queens Wrath perk not working in Crucible.
Fixed Iron Banner Sidearm and Rocket Launcher from the rewards track not having Masterwork slots.
Fixed King's Falls Sundered Flesh shader that was applying inconsistently.
Fixed the glow on the Peacebringer weapon ornament.
Weapon Balance
Archetype
Auto Rifles
General
Increased the effects of the stability stat on recoil reduction by around 20% at the high end.
Precisions
Increased critical damage multiplier from 1.5 to 1.55 which raises the critical damage from 30 to 31.
Bows
General
Increased Bows stow duration. Duration varies by subfamily and handling stat.
Before with 0 to 100 handling.
Lightweight: 0.4 to 0.2s.
Precision: 0.433 to 0.2s.
After with 0 to 100 handling:
Lightweight: 0.45 to 0.3s.
Precision: 0.48 to 0.33s.
Pulse Rifles
General
Rebalanced the effect of the handling across Pulse Rifles.
Increased effects of handling by 5% at the high end (mostly affects Lightweights and Adaptives).
Reduced effects of handling by 2% at the low end (mostly affects High-Impacts and Rapid-Fires).
Adjusted damage falloff scale based on the range stat.
0 range: reduced from 16 to 15m.
100 range: unchanged.
Adaptives
Increased the precision multiplier from 1.6x to 1.65x (crit damage goes from 30.4 to 31.4).
Rapid-Fires
Piece of Mind base zoom reduced from 19 to 18.
Scouts Rifles
High-Impacts
Reduced body damage from 42 to 40, and crit damage from 73.5 to 70.
Sidearms
General
Increased auto aim fall-off distance by 30% across the board.
Previously Sidearms were the only primary weapon where auto aim fell off significantly before damage, this brings them up to parity with other primary weapons.
SMGs
General
Reduced damage fall-off end (the distance at which the damage dealt by the weapon in hip-fire reaches its lowest point, going ADS extends this distance) from 24m to 23m across the board.
This means damage fall off will begin at the same point, but damage will decrease a bit faster.
Precisions
Increased critical damage from 22.4 to 23.8 and base damage from 16 to 17.
Reduced the zoom of Shayura's Wrath, Shayura's Wrath (Adept), and Friction Fire from 16 to 15.
Lightweights
Reduced critical damage from 18.2 to 17.9 and base damage from 11 to 10.85.
Fusion Rifles
Precisions
Reduced the effect the intrinsic Precision Frame perk has on recoil direction by 50% for Fusion Rifles only.
Glaives
Reduced Glaive shield damage resistance vs players from 75% to 50%.
Damage from player supers unchanged at 50%.
Damage from non-players unchanged at 97.5%.
Sniper Rifles
General
Increased the settle time after receiving flinch by 60%.
Reduced received flinch in PvE.
Trace Rifles
General
Increased effect of the stability on recoil reduction at the low end of the stat by around 10%, at the high end of the stat by around 25%.
Rocket Launchers
General
Increased blast radius by 0.4m across the board.
Perks
Gutshot Straight
Removed audio cue from activation.
Exotics
Wish-Ender
Fixed an issue where the Queen's Wrath perk was not properly applying Truesight in certain PvP maps, Lost Sectors, and other activities.
Jade Rabbit
Reduced aim assist by 20.
Lord of Wolves
When Release the Wolves is active:
Reduced ADS accuracy penalty 10x to 3x.
Removed the previously existing 25% universal base damage buff.
Added 40% additional PvE damage buff.
Removed the 50% critical hit multiplier penalty.
Fires full auto.
No Time to Explain
Reduced recoil direction stat from 90 to 73.
Reduced aim assist stat from 45 to 40.
Riskrunner
Reduced damage resistance versus players when Arc Superconductor is active from 50% to 15%.
Abilities
Fixed an issue where some icons were displaying with the wrong background at Ikora.
Fixed an issue with Burning Mail where the camera sometimes could detach while spinning at specific sensitivities.
Fixed an issue where both Lightning Surge and Thunderclap abilities were not doing damage to Stasis crystals or Bleak Watchers.
Fixed an issue where Gathering Storm, Lightning Surge, Thunderclap, and Jolt icons were not showing up in the kill feed.
Fixed an issue where Combination Blow wouldn't deactivate when swapping subclasses.
Fixed an issue where Void Overshield keyword flyout was shown when inspecting Whisper of Rime.
Platforms and Systems
Fixed an issue where players on PlayStation Network continued seeing the Lightfall pre-order upsell dialog after they had purchased the pre-order. Interacting with the dialog sent them to the store product page, which correctly showed Lightfall as already owned.
Fixed an issue where the purchase confirmation toast did not appear on Xbox, Microsoft, or Sony platforms after purchasing the Season 18 Season Pass.
General
Fixed a photosensitivity issue where the Ketch turrets were flashing in the player's camera when targeted.
Fixed an issue where new Hunter characters made on veteran accounts may have incorrect subclass access.
Fixed an issue where the Deepsight platforms would block a portal in the Throneworld mission, The Ritual.


stiny 2 Hotfix 6.2.0.8
General
This is a test, please ignore.
We are testing some new tech for a different type of Hotfix.
There are no hidden quests or things being added/changed.
Seriously, trust us.
If you want to go hunting, feel free.
Don't come crying to us when you don't find anything.


DESTINY 2 HOTFIX 6.2.0.7
ACTIVITIES
SEASONAL ACTIVITY CONTENT
Fixed an issue where players were blocked from completing the Season 18 intro mission if they lost connection during the activity.
Fixed an issue where the Deepsightmodded weapon from the Hidden Compartment Crew Upgradewasn't appropriately refreshing at the weekly reset.
To alleviate some of the pressure in acquiring Season of Plunder weapon patterns, the Double Perk Weapon Spoils Crew Upgrade will now give you a Deepsightmodded weapon the first time you focus a weapon each week. Note: this change is not yet reflected in the upgrade description in-game.
GAMEPLAY AND INVESTMENT
ARMOR
Fixed an issue where the Reactive Pulse mod provided permanent overshield.
WEAPONS
Fixed an issue where Eager Edge could be used multiple times in a single activation.
Fixed an issue where players completing the new Season 18 crafting quests failed to have pattern Triumphsunlocked when acquiring the weapon patterns.
We've reduced the brightness of the effect that appears when you damage yourself with the final round in Touch of Malice's magazine.
Fixed mislabeled Cry Mutiny ornament names.

POWER AND PROGRESSION
Fixed an issue where the legacy War Table weekly challenge was unavailable.
It now requires defeating Champions in PsiOpsBattlegrounds for a powerful reward.
GENERAL
Fixed an issue where players using Chinese characters in their name were unable to play on the Microsoft Store platform.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 6.2.0.6
Activities
Crucible
Adjusted map frequency weighting for Disjunction and Cathedral of Dusk.
Fixed an issue where Players could not progress the weekly Crucible challenge in Crucible Labs.
Kings Fall Raid
Fixed an issue where the Daughters of Oryx were taking extra damage from Rocket Launchers and other sources.
Fixed an issue where players were able to survive certain wipe mechanics throughout the activity.
Fixed an issue where players could sometimes spawn behind doors during the Warpriest encounter.
Gameplay & Investment
Armor
Fixed an issue where the Seasonal mod Improved Sword Scavenger and leg armor mod Sword Scavenger would stack. If you equip one of these mods you no longer can equip the other.
Additionally, the regular and artifact Machine Gun Scavenger mods were able to stack as well. This has been fixed.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where Touch of Malice blight projectile could affect allies, blinding them and causing them to take increased damage from Weapons of Sorrow.
Fixed an issue where the Touch of Malice final round was incorrectly doubling its damage when hitting a Divinity field.
Abilities
Fixed an issue where the Spark of Feedback Fragment could cause abilities, buffs, and debuffs to stop functioning in rare cases.
Platforms & Systems
Removed embedded links in Korean purchase dialogs that are not functional on Xbox and PlayStation consoles.
Fixed a crash that could occur at startup on PlayStation 4 when users own a large number of platform entitlements.
Fixed an issue where the 120Hz refresh rate option was missing on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 6.2.0.4
General
Player investment data sustainability, localization, and performance updates.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 6.2.0.3
Activities
King's Fall
Fixed issues where players could repeatedly die when revived during the Basilica and Oryx encounters while the encounter wipe happens.
Fixed an issue where the Overzealous Triumph requirement was unclear and could not be completed.
Fixed an issue where the selection of the rune during The Crux section of King's Fall would prevent completion of the secret Deepsight weapon chest puzzle.
Fixed an issue where the King's Fall carries stat was not being incremented.
Fixed an issue where the following buffs and debuffs were missing icons:
Aura of the Unraveler
Aura of the Weaver
Unstable Light
Channeling Corrupted Light
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Fixed an issue where the Vallhund Exotic ornament had an incorrect tooltip and was missing from the ornaments screen.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where a shaped BxR-55 Battler didn't receive a Masterwork border when a player included two enhanced perks and an enhanced intrinsic perk.
Fixed an issue where Quicksilver Storm grenades could add permanent buffs to your character.
Quicksilver Storm has been re-enabled.
Telesto has been reprimanded.
Abilities
Fixed an issue where Stormtrance's damage was not increasing over time while attacking.
Fixed an issue where Fists of Havoc could be activated while the player was in an active Ballistic Slam, resulting in a very, very... very long initial leap.
Fixed an issue where specific melee abilities (notably Shiver Strike and Thunderclap) were not activating at close range when using the Charged Melee keybind.
Platforms and Systems
Fixed a Silver sync issue on the Epic Games Store that blocked some players from completing Silver and entitlement purchases.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 6.2.0.2
Activities
Expedition:
Fixed an issue where the treasure object could be duplicated. This was contributing to inflation across the intergalactic economy, and we can't have that.
Duality
Fixed an issue where A Single Thread quest did not complete if players completed Duality on Master difficulty.
King's Fall
Fixed an issue where DPS for Golgoroth sometimes didn't end properly.
Fixed an issue where King's Fall Carries stat tracker mentions Seasonal carries instead of weekly carries.
Fixed an issue where total badge count was incorrect.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Reduced damage resistance tiers in PvP (used by Omnioculus and Whisper of Chains)
Tier 1: 10% to 2.5%
Tier 2: 15% to 5%
Tier 3: 20% to 7.5%
Tier 4: 25% to 10%
Weapons
Fixed an issue where certain Bows would reload themselves while stowed.
Fixed an issue where having Quicksilver Storm in grenade mode could cause excess recoil on other weapons and other badness.
Fixed an issue where the Season 18 Seasonal Machine Gun and Sidearm had two Masterwork slots.
Fixed an issue where most Heavy Grenade Launchers were doing significantly more damage than intended.
Abilities
Fixed an issue where the Combination Blow melee ability was able to continually stagger boss combatants.
Fixed an issue where Combination Blow's melee damage scalar was also applying to Tempest Strike.
Fixed an issue where Combination Blow's melee energy regeneration bonus was also applying while Tempest Strike was equipped.
Developer Note: Typically, we do not normalize melee ability regeneration rates for melee modifications like Tempest Strike or Consecration, as most of our melee abilities have a relatively small delta in base cooldown times between them. However, because the cooldown reduction on Combination Blow is so significant and integral to the base melee's behavior, we chose to do so here in order to have a better grasp on where Tempest Strike lies in terms of efficacy and uptime, which would have been difficult with a potentially 15-second cooldown time. 
Fixed an issue where the damage resistance provided by the Flow State Aspect and Arc Staff Super while dodging was significantly higher than intended in PvP.
Fixed an issue where the Striker and Stormcaller subclasses were not benefiting from resilience-based PvE damage resistance and incoming flinch reduction.
Fixed an issue where Tempest Strike could retain its energy when activated after sliding off of a ledge.
Power and Progression
Fixed an issue where completing the Master Ketchcrash weekly challenge didn't award gear.
Storefront
The Loyal Companion charity emote is available for purchase in the archive.
Platforms and Systems
Fixed an issue on Stadia where some settings labels were missing under the Vehicles section.
General
Fixed an issue that would sometimes show ornaments as owned, even though they were not.
Fixed an issue where some players were unable to claim Prime Rewards from Amanda Holliday.
Fixed an issue where a very loud sound plays when a team wipes to Golgoroth's Drained of Light mechanic.


Destiny 2 Hotfix 6.2.0.1
Fixed an issue where the Quicksilver Storm Exotic Auto Rifle could be obtained with a Power level of 0.
Fixed a server issue that could cause a delay in rewards arriving in a player's inventory.

Destiny 2 Update 6.2.0
UI/UX
Roster
Fixed an issue where exploring the Director screen would impact FPS.
The team will continue to monitor FPS while using this tab.
Added a new option to allow players to invite their friends to their fireteam without redirecting them to the Roster tab.
Updated the visuals to make it easier to understand when a player has been blocked.
Fixed an issue where viewing one's own details in the Roster might not consistently respect the Share Platform Names.
Crucible
Fixed an issue where pre-match cinematics would end before the countdown timer reached zero.
Fixed an issue where an opponent's nameplate would not pulse when their Super is active.
Miscellaneous
Fixed an issue where Derelict Leviathan did not have a Director label
Fixed an issue where some items would show extra spaces near the bottom.
Updated the UI on the Clan tab to match other locations in the game where multiple pages are present.
Fixed an issue where some perk information was not displayed when inspecting another player's equipped Stasis Aspects and Fragments.
Triumphs or Seasonal Challenges that are claimed and tracked may now be untracked.
The team is investigating situations where players may get into these states.
Starting with Season 18, Seasonal Challenges and your currently tracked Triumph, weapon catalyst, pattern, medal, etc. will be untracked at each Seasonal reset to help avoid similar issues.
Updated the parallax boundaries on armor inspection screens to keep the armor stats from moving off screen on consoles
Gameplay and Investment
Crucible
Fixed an issue in Survival where tied rounds still granted a point to one of the teams.
Crucible
Loose skill-based matchmaking enabled on Control playlist. Please see the TWAB for more information.
In 3v3 Crucible modes, special ammo will no longer refresh upon being resurrected, bringing them inline with Trials of Osiris.
Self-reviving still restocks with special ammo
Fixed an issue where Crucible streak protection message was unnecessarily displaying when joining a match in progress
Fixed an issue where the Three Birds, Three Stones triumph did not progress in all Crucible playlists
Fixed an issue where pre-match cinematics would end before the countdown timer reached zero.
Fixed an issue where an opponent's nameplate would not pulse when their Super is active.
Iron Banner
Fixed an issue where the Fourth Daily Challenge would not contribute to Iron Banner reputation multiplier
Fixed an issue where seasonal metrics did not display during the intro scene when loading into a match
Fixed an issue where there was a missing progress display string in the Iron Banner introduction quest
Fixed an issue where an outdated loading screen hint about power level being enabled in Iron Banner was showing up
Rituals
Fixed an issue where Crucible, Gambit, and Vanguard dropped and focused weapons could not drop with more then 3 combinations of multiple perks
They can now drop with a more combinations of multiple perks for each seasonal reputation resets, up to 4.
Added new Arc 3.0 bounties for Crucible, Gambit, and Vanguard
Tuned bounties with Void 3.0 status effects
Lost Sectors
Fixed an issue where all Skydock IV Lost Sector champions were not counting properly for scoring
Wellspring
Wellspring now uses the proper scoring during Master difficulty; players can now earn Platinum rewards based on score rather than killing Champions
Raids
Vow of the Disciple: Fixed an issue where The Bombardiers Hunter Exotic could break the payload route during the entrance encounter.
No more payload escaping.
Global Changes
Fixed an issue introduced in the 30th Anniversary update that caused too much Heavy ammo to drop when running double Special weapons
Several weapon stats were previously hidden, which made fully evaluating weapons difficult.
Airborne effectiveness, recoil direction, zoom, and aim assist are now visible on the weapon inspection screen.
Armor
Increased the vibrancy of the glow colors in the "Candescent Prism" Solstice ornament sets in order to bring them back to parity with Update 4.1.5.
This also fixed shaders not correctly applying to these sets.
Fixed an issue where The Path of Burning Steps would not admit to killing a Guardian with its Solar burst and blamed The Architects instead.
Fixed an issue where the Antaeus Wards was not changing its glow color based on the Guardian's current subclass.
Weapons
Stasis Rocket Launchers and Stasis Grenade Launchers with the perks Chain Reaction, Dragonfly, and Cluster Bombs will now have cool Stasis-themed VFX and audio.
Updated the Polaris Lance catalyst requirements to be more achievable.
Removed Perfect Fifth kill objective entirely. It now only relies on kills by the weapon.
Fixed various issues where the Wish-Ender Exotic Bow would lose its Truesight in certain circumstances.
The shaping alloy "Drowned Alloy" has been renamed to "Harmonic Alloy."
Dismantled weapons with Deepsight will provide pattern progress if a pattern is available.
Dismantled weapons with Deepsight will provide 100 Neutral Element.
If the objective is completed and the item is dismantled or the Deepsight mod extracted, 300 Neutral Element will be acquired.
When a Deepsight weapon with a pattern is dismantled or extracted, players will be notified via loot stream that pattern progress has been made.
Starting in Season 18, Deepsight weapons that are acquired prior to their pattern becoming available will no longer output pattern progress. The Deepsight weapon's tooltip will indicate whether a pattern is available or not.
Fixed an issue where One for All would grant more bonus damage than intended on Grenade Launchers.
Fixed an issue where using Shoot to Loot with Enhanced Overflow would overflow the weapon much more than intended.
Explosive Payload detonations will no longer pick up ammo via Shoot to Loot to prevent an ammo exploit.
This interaction will be re-enabled once the underlying issue has been fixed in a future patch.
Weapon Archetypes
Scout Rifles
Increased damage of all Scout Rifles vs minor enemies (red bars) in PvE by 10%
This change is in addition to the baseline damage buff given in the Solstice balance patch.
High-Impact (360 RPM) Auto Rifles
Increased base stability stat of all non-sunset High-Impact Auto Rifles by 6-12, depending on the weapon.
Herod-C: 27-33
False Promises: 17-29
Age-Old Bond: 18-30
Chrysura Melo: 13-25
Come to Pass: 14-26
Lightweight Bows
Reduced base draw time by 5% (from 612ms to 580ms).
Increased the "perfect draw window" (how long you can hold the drawn bow before you begin to lose accuracy and damage, stability modifies this window).
From .30s to .50s on the low end.
From .55s to .80s on the high end.
Hand Cannons
Fixed Dire Promise's zoom stat (got changed to 13 inadvertently, it's now 14 again).
Glaives
Glaive melee attacks can now activate the Exotic armor perks on ACD/0 Feedback Fence, Karnstein Armlets, and Necrotic Grip.
Breech Grenade Launchers
Concussion grenades can no longer roll in the magazine slot.
Heavy Grenade Launchers
Increased damage vs. majors and above by ~10%, excluding Parasite.
Weapon Pools
Updated the Dares of Eternity weapon set's perk pools and added an origin trait.
Addressed an issue where Playlist (Crucible, Gambit and strike) weapons weren't randomizing perk count correctly based on number of resets.
Perks
Ambitious Assassin
Increased magazine overflow from 10% to 20% per kill on Primary weapons only (Special and Heavy weapons are still 10%).
Increased overflow cap from 50% to 150%.
Invader Tracker (Gambit origin trait)
Renamed Gun and Run.
Redesigned functionality to give a sprint speed increase on multi-kills.
Skulking Wolf (Iron Banner origin trait)
Redesigned to activate on kills while at low health.
Wellspring
Cooldown has been removed, allowing for Rocket Launchers and Grenade Launchers to return more ability energy when defeating groups with a single shot.
Perpetual Motion
Disabled audio/visual feedback on perk activation, since it was triggering frequently enough to be annoying.
Lead from Gold
Now gives the correct amount of ammo when two Special weapons are equipped.
Concussion Grenades
Can no longer roll on Breech Grenade Launchers.
Veist Stinger
Fixed an issue where it was applying a charge time reduction to Linear Fusion Rifles. It will correctly only refill the magazine from reserves when it triggers on these weapons.
Zen Moment, Particle Repeater
Updated descriptions to say what they actually do.
Exotic Weapons
Buffs
Le Monarque
Added intrinsic Overload to Poison Arrows.
Thunderlord
Added intrinsic Overload.
Malfeasance
Added intrinsic Unstoppable to explosions.
Added +25 to the base airborne effectiveness stat (28 to 53) to match other Precision Hand Cannon's intrinsic bonus.
Wish-Ender
Added intrinsic Anti-Barrier.
Increased number of hits vs. most targets from 2 to 3 (more hits against vehicles, still 2 against players).
Increased damage vs Champions, majors, and minibosses by 10%.
Draw time decreased from 828ms to 820ms.
Ticuu's Divination
Draw time decreased from 612ms to 580ms.
Legend of Acrius
Catalyst now grants the Trench Barrel perk in addition to its other effects.
Exotic Paired Legendary Weapons
CALUS Mini-Tool
Increased airborne effectiveness from 23 to 28 to match MIDA Mini-Tool.
MIDA Mini-Tool
Increased zoom from 13 to 14 to match CALUS Mini-Tool.
Drang (Baroque)
Increased airborne effectiveness from 21 to 23 to match standard Drang.
Sweet Business
Increased airborne effectiveness from 27 to 32.
Fighting Lion
Season 17 damage increase has been reimplemented and slightly increased from 5% to 8%.
Increased the grace time for the instant reload effect of Thin the Herd from 5 to 6s.
Reworks
Lord of Wolves
Decreased starting ammo in PvP from 15 to 10 (PvE unchanged).
Reduced the burst size (shots fired per trigger pull) from 10 to 5 shots when Release the Wolves is active.
Reduced the burst delay (the time between bursts) by ~60% when Release the Wolves is active.
Decreased Lord of Wolves base damage by ~20% in (now deals 35 per shot to the body in PvP, 44 with Release the Wolves active).
Increased damage in PvE by 20% to compensate.
Dead Man's Tale
Changed Cranial Spike's effects:
Cranial Spike no longer buffs damage vs players; instead, it grants increased reload, aim assist, and range per stack.
It still grants additional damage vs. PvE combatants.
Upon reaching max stacks of Cranial Spike, the Catalyst will now increase hip-fire RPM by 50 (i.e., it will fire at 180 RPM), but will deal reduced damage per bullet (20% decrease).
Collective Obligation
Increased Void Leech timer to 15 seconds in PvE activities.
PvP remains at 10 seconds.
Removed the Void Leech cooldown.
Add a 20% damage bonus against PvE combatants only while Void Leech is active.
Takes less hits to fully charge Void Leech.
Kills against debuffed targets instantly charge Void Leech.
Void Leech is also instantly charged when your character is affected by Void debuffs.
Does not work if hitting yourself with your own Suppressor grenade.
Fixed an issue where Umbral Sustenance was activating with non-Void overshields.
Abilities
Arc Subclasses
Reworked to fit the Subclass 3.0 system. There are too many individual systemic changes to list here, but the Arc subclasses now use the Aspect and Fragment system used by Stasis, Void, and Solar.
Standardized a set of buffs and debuffs aligned to the Arc damage type:
Amplified - Your movement speed and weapon handling are greatly increased. After sprinting for a short time, you enter Speed Booster, further increasing your sprint speed and granting damage resistance against PvE combatants.
By default, rapidly defeating multiple targets with Arc damage will amplify you. Your equipped Aspects and Fragments provide additional methods to become and benefit from being amplified.
Ionic Trace - A bolt of pure Arc energy that travels along the ground, seeking its creator. When picked up, Ionic Traces grant grenade, melee, and class ability energy.
Blind - Combatants are disoriented and cannot fire their weapons. Enemy players' HUD is removed and their vision is obscured.
Jolted - The target is energized with destructive Arc Light. As they take additional damage while jolted, they chain lightning to nearby enemies. This chain lightning can occur multiple times while a target is jolted.
Hovering over Aspects, Fragments, or abilities on the Arc subclass screen now displays a tooltip flyout detailing any relevant status effects.
Some old subclass perks have been deprecated, while others have been rolled into base ability behavior, Fragments, or Aspects with some changes to behavior as a result.
All classes now have access to all Arc grenades.
Grenades
Storm grenade
Total damage across the two detonations reduced from 170 (80/90) to 120 (70/50)
Improved damage area consistency under certain network conditions to fix an issue where it was dealing delayed damage.
Base cooldown increased from 91s to 105s.
Lightning grenade
Damage per strike reduced from 160 to 120.
Arcbolt grenade
Damage reduced from 105 to 85.
Base cooldown reduced from 121s to 105s.
Skip grenade
Base cooldown increased from 105s to 121s.
Flashbang grenade
Blind duration decreased from 5 seconds to 3 seconds vs. Players.
Pulse grenade
Base cooldown increased from 105s to 121s.
Vortex grenade
Fixed an issue causing this to deal less damage than intended against PvE targets.
Hunter
Arcstrider
Arc Staff
Now has both Whirlwind Guard block capability and Lightning Reflexes armored dodge as default behavior.
Arc Staff damage vs. minor and elite combatants increased by 12.5%.
New Super added: Gathering Storm
Hurl your Arc Staff forward, embedding it into surfaces or large targets, dealing damage to and jolting nearby targets. After a short time, a devastating lightning bolt strikes the staff, overcharging it with Arc energy. While overcharged, your staff discharges lightning at nearby foes.
New jump added: Blink
Arc Hunters have recovered from a not-so-brief case of amnesia causing them to forget how to Blink.
Disorienting Blow
Now applies a short blind to nearby targets rather than a generic disorient, and also amplifies you on hit.
Combination Blow
Now also recharges your class ability when you successfully defeat a target with this charged melee, in addition to increasing your charged melee damage.
Base cooldown increased from 15s to 40s.
Tempest Strike
Increased travel distance from 18m to 22m.
Added a small amount of initial tracking to help Tempest Strike land on close targets.
Now jolts targets on hit.
Base damage decreased from 130 to 110.
Lethal Current - Reworked
After dodging, your next melee attack has increased range, jolts the struck target, and leaves behind a damaging aftershock.
Damaging a jolted target with melee attacks also blinds them.
While using Arc Staff, your next attack strikes twice after dodging.
Deprecated the Ebb and Flow subclass node perk.
Nightstalker
Spectral Blades
Spectral Blades damage vs. minor and elite combatants increased by 33%.
Titan
Striker
Fists of Havoc
Now has Terminal Velocity's slam bonus as default behavior.
The slam's bonus damage when activated from the air is now constant rather than variable based on your height when you activate the slam.
Light attack energy cost normalized between previous top and bottom tree cost at 8% (previously 12%/5.6%).
Heavy slam radius normalized between the previous top and bottom tree cost at 7 meters (previously 8m/6m).
Fists of Havoc damage vs. Champion, miniboss, and boss combatants increased by 25%. Damage vs. minor and elite combatants increased by ~40%.
Note: Previously, Fists of Havoc relied on knockout bonus damage and trample energy refunds to consistently deal with standard combatants in PvE. We'd like this to be better able to stand on its own now to partially compensate for the increased attack energy costs.
New class ability added: Thruster
Activate while grounded to perform a quick, first-person lateral evade.
New melee ability added: Thunderclap
Hold melee while grounded to plant your feet and begin charging your fist with Arc energy. Release melee to punch forward, unleashing a large blast of force that deals additional damage the longer the melee button was held.
Seismic Strike
Blind duration decreased from 5 seconds to 1.6 seconds vs. players.
Now while amplified, the blinding radius is increased from 7m to 10m, and the blind duration is increased to 3 seconds vs. players.
Ballistic Slam
Fixed an issue where the Ballistic Slam camera could sometimes cause you to dive straight down rather than at your aimed location.
No longer applies Inertia Override on hit.
Knockout
Defeating targets with melee attacks now also amplifies you in addition to starting your health regeneration.
Knockout is no longer consumed on your next melee kill. Instead, knockout lasts for a set 6 seconds, after which it needs to be reactivated by breaking a combatant shield or critically wounding a target.
Deprecated the Frontal Assault melee ability, and the aftershocks and trample subclass node perks.
Sentinel
Sentinel Shield
Sentinel Shield damage vs. minor and elite combatants increased by 12.5%.
Warlock
Stormcaller
Stormtrance
Now has Ionic Blink and Landfall as default behaviors.
Landfall seeker damage reduced from 250 to 150.
Note: While the seekers added to bottom tree Stormcaller in Season of the Lost were a lot of fun, they made Stormtrance more of a shutdown Super than we're comfortable with. Given that it is also a solid roaming option and now has increased base mobility with Ionic Blink, we felt we could reduce the seekers damage.
Stormtrance no longer increases its attack upkeep cost when targeting multiple enemies at once.
Note: We believe that Stormtrance's greatest strength should be clearing hordes of enemies, and the increased cost based on target count was running counter to that intended role.
Stormtrance damage vs. minor and elite combatants increased by 20%.
Chain Lightning
While amplified, Chain Lightning now creates two sets of chains, up from one, jumping between more targets.
Now also jolts your primary target.
Lunge range increased from 4.5m to 5.25m.
Ball Lightning
While amplified, Ball Lightning now detonates two additional times, for a total of three vertical damaging strikes.
Increased arming shape length below the projectile by 2 meters to resolve some edge cases where targets that the detonation area could potentially damage were not triggering the projectile to detonate.
Arc Souls
Being or becoming amplified now also amplifies your Arc Souls, granting them a greatly increased fire rate.
Damage per projectile increased from 25 to 35 vs. PvE combatants.
Amplified Arc Souls projectiles per burst decreased from 6 to 5, fire rate decreased by ~10%.
Note: We expect to see significantly increased uptime on supercharged Arc Souls, so we wanted to provide a bit more time between bursts where players could safely engage an enemy that has an Arc Soul in PvP activities. We hope the increased PVE damage offsets this change sufficiently, but we'll be keeping an eye on it going forward.
Deprecated the Rising Storm melee ability, along with the Transcendence, Pulsewave, and Arc Web subclass node perks.
Arc Aspects
Hunter:
Flow State
Tempest Strike
Lethal Current
Titan:
Touch of Thunder
Juggernaut
Knockout
Warlock:
Arc Soul
Lightning Surge
Electrostatic Mind
Arc Fragments
Spark of Beacons
Spark of Resistance
Spark of Momentum
Spark of Shock
Spark of Discharge
Spark of Frequency
Spark of Focus
Spark of Recharge
Spark of Voltage
Spark of Magnitude
????
????
????
????
General
Blink
Maximum displacement distance increased from 4.5m to 5.25m.
Maximum vertical offset (how high up or down you are displaced based on your aim angle from the horizon) increased from 2m to 2.5m.
Increased forgiveness of mantling to ledges after exiting Blink.
Energy model reworked:
Previously, Blink charges recharged slowly one-by-one, and could be activated at a cadence that felt inconsistent and often left players confused as to how many charges they had available.
Now, Blink has a consistent activation cost. You can carry two charges at once, and 2.2 seconds after activating your last Blink, both are immediately recharged. We've also added a screen wipe and sound effect when this occurs, similar to Icarus Dash, to help communicate when you're ready to Blink again. The overall availability of Blink is similar to the previous version, but we hope it is more understandable and results in fewer instances of frustration from the energy recharge model.
Note: These changes apply to Blink on all subclasses that have access to it.
Blind
Screen shader brightness has been significantly decreased to address photosensitivity issues from the previous fully whited-out version.
Ionic Traces
No longer provide Super energy on pickup.
Reduced melee, grenade, and class ability energy return to compensate for expected increased uptime:
Base melee energy return reduced from 20% to 12.5%.
Base grenade energy return reduced from 15% to 12.5%.
Base class ability energy return reduced from 25% to 15%.
Restoration
Fixed an issue where Restoration x2 could be removed by some PvE combatants' attacks and certain debuffs like Overload rounds.
Arc-focused Exotic armor updates
Crown of Tempests
Conduction Tines now also activate from defeating targets with jolt damage.
Getaway Artist
Now amplifies you in addition to granting an Arc Soul when consuming your grenade.
Platform and Systems
Fixed an issue on PlayStation platforms where the text in many areas of the game would display an extra line break.
General
Fixed an issue where text chat messages persist after being kicked out to the login screen without exiting the game.
Glimmer pickups will now play dematerialization VFX when picked up.
Added key binding options for vehicles which support lateral dodging functionality.
There is a known issue on Stadia where the title texts for these settings are not appearing as expected. The team is aware of the root cause, and a fix is expected in an upcoming hotfix.
Updated tooltips for various vehicle key binding options with more relevant information.
Multiple key bindings for vehicles have missing or incorrect definitions.
Destiny 2 now available in the Epic Games Store.

Destiny 2 Update 6.2.0
UI/UX
Roster
Fixed an issue where exploring the Director screen would impact FPS.
The team will continue to monitor FPS while using this tab.
Added a new option to allow players to invite their friends to their fireteam without redirecting them to the Roster tab.
Updated the visuals to make it easier to understand when a player has been blocked.
Fixed an issue where viewing one's own details in the Roster might not consistently respect the Share Platform Names.
Crucible
Fixed an issue where pre-match cinematics would end before the countdown timer reached zero.
Fixed an issue where an opponent's nameplate would not pulse when their Super is active.
Miscellaneous
Fixed an issue where Derelict Leviathan did not have a Director label
Fixed an issue where some items would show extra spaces near the bottom.
Updated the UI on the Clan tab to match other locations in the game where multiple pages are present.
Fixed an issue where some perk information was not displayed when inspecting another player's equipped Stasis Aspects and Fragments.
Triumphs or Seasonal Challenges that are claimed and tracked may now be untracked.
The team is investigating situations where players may get into these states.
Starting with Season 18, Seasonal Challenges and your currently tracked Triumph, weapon catalyst, pattern, medal, etc. will be untracked at each Seasonal reset to help avoid similar issues.
Updated the parallax boundaries on armor inspection screens to keep the armor stats from moving off screen on consoles
Gameplay and Investment
Crucible
Fixed an issue in Survival where tied rounds still granted a point to one of the teams.
Crucible
Loose skill-based matchmaking enabled on Control playlist. Please see the TWAB for more information.
In 3v3 Crucible modes, special ammo will no longer refresh upon being resurrected, bringing them inline with Trials of Osiris.
Self-reviving still restocks with special ammo
Fixed an issue where Crucible streak protection message was unnecessarily displaying when joining a match in progress
Fixed an issue where the Three Birds, Three Stones triumph did not progress in all Crucible playlists
Fixed an issue where pre-match cinematics would end before the countdown timer reached zero.
Fixed an issue where an opponent's nameplate would not pulse when their Super is active.
Iron Banner
Fixed an issue where the Fourth Daily Challenge would not contribute to Iron Banner reputation multiplier
Fixed an issue where seasonal metrics did not display during the intro scene when loading into a match
Fixed an issue where there was a missing progress display string in the Iron Banner introduction quest
Fixed an issue where an outdated loading screen hint about power level being enabled in Iron Banner was showing up
Rituals
Fixed an issue where Crucible, Gambit, and Vanguard dropped and focused weapons could not drop with more then 3 combinations of multiple perks
They can now drop with a more combinations of multiple perks for each seasonal reputation resets, up to 4.
Added new Arc 3.0 bounties for Crucible, Gambit, and Vanguard
Tuned bounties with Void 3.0 status effects
Lost Sectors
Fixed an issue where all Skydock IV Lost Sector champions were not counting properly for scoring
Wellspring
Wellspring now uses the proper scoring during Master difficulty; players can now earn Platinum rewards based on score rather than killing Champions
Raids
Vow of the Disciple: Fixed an issue where The Bombardiers Hunter Exotic could break the payload route during the entrance encounter.
No more payload escaping.
Global Changes
Fixed an issue introduced in the 30th Anniversary update that caused too much Heavy ammo to drop when running double Special weapons
Several weapon stats were previously hidden, which made fully evaluating weapons difficult.
Airborne effectiveness, recoil direction, zoom, and aim assist are now visible on the weapon inspection screen.
Armor
Increased the vibrancy of the glow colors in the "Candescent Prism" Solstice ornament sets in order to bring them back to parity with Update 4.1.5.
This also fixed shaders not correctly applying to these sets.
Fixed an issue where The Path of Burning Steps would not admit to killing a Guardian with its Solar burst and blamed The Architects instead.
Fixed an issue where the Antaeus Wards was not changing its glow color based on the Guardian's current subclass.
Weapons
Stasis Rocket Launchers and Stasis Grenade Launchers with the perks Chain Reaction, Dragonfly, and Cluster Bombs will now have cool Stasis-themed VFX and audio.
Updated the Polaris Lance catalyst requirements to be more achievable.
Removed Perfect Fifth kill objective entirely. It now only relies on kills by the weapon.
Fixed various issues where the Wish-Ender Exotic Bow would lose its Truesight in certain circumstances.
The shaping alloy "Drowned Alloy" has been renamed to "Harmonic Alloy."
Dismantled weapons with Deepsight will provide pattern progress if a pattern is available.
Dismantled weapons with Deepsight will provide 100 Neutral Element.
If the objective is completed and the item is dismantled or the Deepsight mod extracted, 300 Neutral Element will be acquired.
When a Deepsight weapon with a pattern is dismantled or extracted, players will be notified via loot stream that pattern progress has been made.
Starting in Season 18, Deepsight weapons that are acquired prior to their pattern becoming available will no longer output pattern progress. The Deepsight weapon's tooltip will indicate whether a pattern is available or not.
Fixed an issue where One for All would grant more bonus damage than intended on Grenade Launchers.
Fixed an issue where using Shoot to Loot with Enhanced Overflow would overflow the weapon much more than intended.
Explosive Payload detonations will no longer pick up ammo via Shoot to Loot to prevent an ammo exploit.
This interaction will be re-enabled once the underlying issue has been fixed in a future patch.
Weapon Archetypes
Scout Rifles
Increased damage of all Scout Rifles vs minor enemies (red bars) in PvE by 10%
This change is in addition to the baseline damage buff given in the Solstice balance patch.
High-Impact (360 RPM) Auto Rifles
Increased base stability stat of all non-sunset High-Impact Auto Rifles by 6-12, depending on the weapon.
Herod-C: 27-33
False Promises: 17-29
Age-Old Bond: 18-30
Chrysura Melo: 13-25
Come to Pass: 14-26
Lightweight Bows
Reduced base draw time by 5% (from 612ms to 580ms).
Increased the "perfect draw window" (how long you can hold the drawn bow before you begin to lose accuracy and damage, stability modifies this window).
From .30s to .50s on the low end.
From .55s to .80s on the high end.
Hand Cannons
Fixed Dire Promise's zoom stat (got changed to 13 inadvertently, it's now 14 again).
Glaives
Glaive melee attacks can now activate the Exotic armor perks on ACD/0 Feedback Fence, Karnstein Armlets, and Necrotic Grip.
Breech Grenade Launchers
Concussion grenades can no longer roll in the magazine slot.
Heavy Grenade Launchers
Increased damage vs. majors and above by ~10%, excluding Parasite.
Weapon Pools
Updated the Dares of Eternity weapon set's perk pools and added an origin trait.
Addressed an issue where Playlist (Crucible, Gambit and strike) weapons weren't randomizing perk count correctly based on number of resets.
Perks
Ambitious Assassin
Increased magazine overflow from 10% to 20% per kill on Primary weapons only (Special and Heavy weapons are still 10%).
Increased overflow cap from 50% to 150%.
Invader Tracker (Gambit origin trait)
Renamed Gun and Run.
Redesigned functionality to give a sprint speed increase on multi-kills.
Skulking Wolf (Iron Banner origin trait)
Redesigned to activate on kills while at low health.
Wellspring
Cooldown has been removed, allowing for Rocket Launchers and Grenade Launchers to return more ability energy when defeating groups with a single shot.
Perpetual Motion
Disabled audio/visual feedback on perk activation, since it was triggering frequently enough to be annoying.
Lead from Gold
Now gives the correct amount of ammo when two Special weapons are equipped.
Concussion Grenades
Can no longer roll on Breech Grenade Launchers.
Veist Stinger
Fixed an issue where it was applying a charge time reduction to Linear Fusion Rifles. It will correctly only refill the magazine from reserves when it triggers on these weapons.
Zen Moment, Particle Repeater
Updated descriptions to say what they actually do.
Exotic Weapons
Buffs
Le Monarque
Added intrinsic Overload to Poison Arrows.
Thunderlord
Added intrinsic Overload.
Malfeasance
Added intrinsic Unstoppable to explosions.
Added +25 to the base airborne effectiveness stat (28 to 53) to match other Precision Hand Cannon's intrinsic bonus.
Wish-Ender
Added intrinsic Anti-Barrier.
Increased number of hits vs. most targets from 2 to 3 (more hits against vehicles, still 2 against players).
Increased damage vs Champions, majors, and minibosses by 10%.
Draw time decreased from 828ms to 820ms.
Ticuu's Divination
Draw time decreased from 612ms to 580ms.
Legend of Acrius
Catalyst now grants the Trench Barrel perk in addition to its other effects.
Exotic Paired Legendary Weapons
CALUS Mini-Tool
Increased airborne effectiveness from 23 to 28 to match MIDA Mini-Tool.
MIDA Mini-Tool
Increased zoom from 13 to 14 to match CALUS Mini-Tool.
Drang (Baroque)
Increased airborne effectiveness from 21 to 23 to match standard Drang.
Sweet Business
Increased airborne effectiveness from 27 to 32.
Fighting Lion
Season 17 damage increase has been reimplemented and slightly increased from 5% to 8%.
Increased the grace time for the instant reload effect of Thin the Herd from 5 to 6s.
Reworks
Lord of Wolves
Decreased starting ammo in PvP from 15 to 10 (PvE unchanged).
Reduced the burst size (shots fired per trigger pull) from 10 to 5 shots when Release the Wolves is active.
Reduced the burst delay (the time between bursts) by ~60% when Release the Wolves is active.
Decreased Lord of Wolves base damage by ~20% in (now deals 35 per shot to the body in PvP, 44 with Release the Wolves active).
Increased damage in PvE by 20% to compensate.
Dead Man's Tale
Changed Cranial Spike's effects:
Cranial Spike no longer buffs damage vs players; instead, it grants increased reload, aim assist, and range per stack.
It still grants additional damage vs. PvE combatants.
Upon reaching max stacks of Cranial Spike, the Catalyst will now increase hip-fire RPM by 50 (i.e., it will fire at 180 RPM), but will deal reduced damage per bullet (20% decrease).
Collective Obligation
Increased Void Leech timer to 15 seconds in PvE activities.
PvP remains at 10 seconds.
Removed the Void Leech cooldown.
Add a 20% damage bonus against PvE combatants only while Void Leech is active.
Takes less hits to fully charge Void Leech.
Kills against debuffed targets instantly charge Void Leech.
Void Leech is also instantly charged when your character is affected by Void debuffs.
Does not work if hitting yourself with your own Suppressor grenade.
Fixed an issue where Umbral Sustenance was activating with non-Void overshields.
Abilities
Arc Subclasses
Reworked to fit the Subclass 3.0 system. There are too many individual systemic changes to list here, but the Arc subclasses now use the Aspect and Fragment system used by Stasis, Void, and Solar.
Standardized a set of buffs and debuffs aligned to the Arc damage type:
Amplified - Your movement speed and weapon handling are greatly increased. After sprinting for a short time, you enter Speed Booster, further increasing your sprint speed and granting damage resistance against PvE combatants.
By default, rapidly defeating multiple targets with Arc damage will amplify you. Your equipped Aspects and Fragments provide additional methods to become and benefit from being amplified.
Ionic Trace - A bolt of pure Arc energy that travels along the ground, seeking its creator. When picked up, Ionic Traces grant grenade, melee, and class ability energy.
Blind - Combatants are disoriented and cannot fire their weapons. Enemy players' HUD is removed and their vision is obscured.
Jolted - The target is energized with destructive Arc Light. As they take additional damage while jolted, they chain lightning to nearby enemies. This chain lightning can occur multiple times while a target is jolted.
Hovering over Aspects, Fragments, or abilities on the Arc subclass screen now displays a tooltip flyout detailing any relevant status effects.
Some old subclass perks have been deprecated, while others have been rolled into base ability behavior, Fragments, or Aspects with some changes to behavior as a result.
All classes now have access to all Arc grenades.
Grenades
Storm grenade
Total damage across the two detonations reduced from 170 (80/90) to 120 (70/50)
Improved damage area consistency under certain network conditions to fix an issue where it was dealing delayed damage.
Base cooldown increased from 91s to 105s.
Lightning grenade
Damage per strike reduced from 160 to 120.
Arcbolt grenade
Damage reduced from 105 to 85.
Base cooldown reduced from 121s to 105s.
Skip grenade
Base cooldown increased from 105s to 121s.
Flashbang grenade
Blind duration decreased from 5 seconds to 3 seconds vs. Players.
Pulse grenade
Base cooldown increased from 105s to 121s.
Vortex grenade
Fixed an issue causing this to deal less damage than intended against PvE targets.
Hunter
Arcstrider
Arc Staff
Now has both Whirlwind Guard block capability and Lightning Reflexes armored dodge as default behavior.
Arc Staff damage vs. minor and elite combatants increased by 12.5%.
New Super added: Gathering Storm
Hurl your Arc Staff forward, embedding it into surfaces or large targets, dealing damage to and jolting nearby targets. After a short time, a devastating lightning bolt strikes the staff, overcharging it with Arc energy. While overcharged, your staff discharges lightning at nearby foes.
New jump added: Blink
Arc Hunters have recovered from a not-so-brief case of amnesia causing them to forget how to Blink.
Disorienting Blow
Now applies a short blind to nearby targets rather than a generic disorient, and also amplifies you on hit.
Combination Blow
Now also recharges your class ability when you successfully defeat a target with this charged melee, in addition to increasing your charged melee damage.
Base cooldown increased from 15s to 40s.
Tempest Strike
Increased travel distance from 18m to 22m.
Added a small amount of initial tracking to help Tempest Strike land on close targets.
Now jolts targets on hit.
Base damage decreased from 130 to 110.
Lethal Current - Reworked
After dodging, your next melee attack has increased range, jolts the struck target, and leaves behind a damaging aftershock.
Damaging a jolted target with melee attacks also blinds them.
While using Arc Staff, your next attack strikes twice after dodging.
Deprecated the Ebb and Flow subclass node perk.
Nightstalker
Spectral Blades
Spectral Blades damage vs. minor and elite combatants increased by 33%.
Titan
Striker
Fists of Havoc
Now has Terminal Velocity's slam bonus as default behavior.
The slam's bonus damage when activated from the air is now constant rather than variable based on your height when you activate the slam.
Light attack energy cost normalized between previous top and bottom tree cost at 8% (previously 12%/5.6%).
Heavy slam radius normalized between the previous top and bottom tree cost at 7 meters (previously 8m/6m).
Fists of Havoc damage vs. Champion, miniboss, and boss combatants increased by 25%. Damage vs. minor and elite combatants increased by ~40%.
Note: Previously, Fists of Havoc relied on knockout bonus damage and trample energy refunds to consistently deal with standard combatants in PvE. We'd like this to be better able to stand on its own now to partially compensate for the increased attack energy costs.
New class ability added: Thruster
Activate while grounded to perform a quick, first-person lateral evade.
New melee ability added: Thunderclap
Hold melee while grounded to plant your feet and begin charging your fist with Arc energy. Release melee to punch forward, unleashing a large blast of force that deals additional damage the longer the melee button was held.
Seismic Strike
Blind duration decreased from 5 seconds to 1.6 seconds vs. players.
Now while amplified, the blinding radius is increased from 7m to 10m, and the blind duration is increased to 3 seconds vs. players.
Ballistic Slam
Fixed an issue where the Ballistic Slam camera could sometimes cause you to dive straight down rather than at your aimed location.
No longer applies Inertia Override on hit.
Knockout
Defeating targets with melee attacks now also amplifies you in addition to starting your health regeneration.
Knockout is no longer consumed on your next melee kill. Instead, knockout lasts for a set 6 seconds, after which it needs to be reactivated by breaking a combatant shield or critically wounding a target.
Deprecated the Frontal Assault melee ability, and the aftershocks and trample subclass node perks.
Sentinel
Sentinel Shield
Sentinel Shield damage vs. minor and elite combatants increased by 12.5%.
Warlock
Stormcaller
Stormtrance
Now has Ionic Blink and Landfall as default behaviors.
Landfall seeker damage reduced from 250 to 150.
Note: While the seekers added to bottom tree Stormcaller in Season of the Lost were a lot of fun, they made Stormtrance more of a shutdown Super than we're comfortable with. Given that it is also a solid roaming option and now has increased base mobility with Ionic Blink, we felt we could reduce the seekers damage.
Stormtrance no longer increases its attack upkeep cost when targeting multiple enemies at once.
Note: We believe that Stormtrance's greatest strength should be clearing hordes of enemies, and the increased cost based on target count was running counter to that intended role.
Stormtrance damage vs. minor and elite combatants increased by 20%.
Chain Lightning
While amplified, Chain Lightning now creates two sets of chains, up from one, jumping between more targets.
Now also jolts your primary target.
Lunge range increased from 4.5m to 5.25m.
Ball Lightning
While amplified, Ball Lightning now detonates two additional times, for a total of three vertical damaging strikes.
Increased arming shape length below the projectile by 2 meters to resolve some edge cases where targets that the detonation area could potentially damage were not triggering the projectile to detonate.
Arc Souls
Being or becoming amplified now also amplifies your Arc Souls, granting them a greatly increased fire rate.
Damage per projectile increased from 25 to 35 vs. PvE combatants.
Amplified Arc Souls projectiles per burst decreased from 6 to 5, fire rate decreased by ~10%.
Note: We expect to see significantly increased uptime on supercharged Arc Souls, so we wanted to provide a bit more time between bursts where players could safely engage an enemy that has an Arc Soul in PvP activities. We hope the increased PVE damage offsets this change sufficiently, but we'll be keeping an eye on it going forward.
Deprecated the Rising Storm melee ability, along with the Transcendence, Pulsewave, and Arc Web subclass node perks.
Arc Aspects
Hunter:
Flow State
Tempest Strike
Lethal Current
Titan:
Touch of Thunder
Juggernaut
Knockout
Warlock:
Arc Soul
Lightning Surge
Electrostatic Mind
Arc Fragments
Spark of Beacons
Spark of Resistance
Spark of Momentum
Spark of Shock
Spark of Discharge
Spark of Frequency
Spark of Focus
Spark of Recharge
Spark of Voltage
Spark of Magnitude
????
????
????
????
General
Blink
Maximum displacement distance increased from 4.5m to 5.25m.
Maximum vertical offset (how high up or down you are displaced based on your aim angle from the horizon) increased from 2m to 2.5m.
Increased forgiveness of mantling to ledges after exiting Blink.
Energy model reworked:
Previously, Blink charges recharged slowly one-by-one, and could be activated at a cadence that felt inconsistent and often left players confused as to how many charges they had available.
Now, Blink has a consistent activation cost. You can carry two charges at once, and 2.2 seconds after activating your last Blink, both are immediately recharged. We've also added a screen wipe and sound effect when this occurs, similar to Icarus Dash, to help communicate when you're ready to Blink again. The overall availability of Blink is similar to the previous version, but we hope it is more understandable and results in fewer instances of frustration from the energy recharge model.
Note: These changes apply to Blink on all subclasses that have access to it.
Blind
Screen shader brightness has been significantly decreased to address photosensitivity issues from the previous fully whited-out version.
Ionic Traces
No longer provide Super energy on pickup.
Reduced melee, grenade, and class ability energy return to compensate for expected increased uptime:
Base melee energy return reduced from 20% to 12.5%.
Base grenade energy return reduced from 15% to 12.5%.
Base class ability energy return reduced from 25% to 15%.
Restoration
Fixed an issue where Restoration x2 could be removed by some PvE combatants' attacks and certain debuffs like Overload rounds.
Arc-focused Exotic armor updates
Crown of Tempests
Conduction Tines now also activate from defeating targets with jolt damage.
Getaway Artist
Now amplifies you in addition to granting an Arc Soul when consuming your grenade.
Platform and Systems
Fixed an issue on PlayStation platforms where the text in many areas of the game would display an extra line break.
General
Fixed an issue where text chat messages persist after being kicked out to the login screen without exiting the game.
Glimmer pickups will now play dematerialization VFX when picked up.
Added key binding options for vehicles which support lateral dodging functionality.
There is a known issue on Stadia where the title texts for these settings are not appearing as expected. The team is aware of the root cause, and a fix is expected in an upcoming hotfix.
Updated tooltips for various vehicle key binding options with more relevant information.
Multiple key bindings for vehicles have missing or incorrect definitions.
Destiny 2 now available in the Epic Games Store.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 4.1.5.2
Solstice 2022
Fixed an issue where players couldn't unlock the appearance of the Solstice armor sets to transmog.
The beacons are lit, fashion calls for aid!
Fixed an issue where players couldn't reobtain armor from Eva Levante (Space Grandma) if armor has been dismantled after completing the step where players need to speak with her, post-equipping.
Fixed an issue where players weren't receiving the Seashore Pack at the Eververse store.
Players can now grab their loot from Cryptarch.
Investment
Progress accelerators are now in place for players completing Solstice Event Challenges on second and third classes (Titan, Warlock, and Hunter, for any new players).
Partially fixed, progress accelerator missing on Hand Cannon challenge for Titans.
Fixed an issue where players were unable to progress second and third character armor sets after fully upgrading their primary Guardian's armor.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 4.1.5.1
Activities
Fixed an issue that prevented Silver Leaves from being awarded when completing certain activities. Hence the following activities now grant them:
Sever
Altar of Sorrow
Nightmare Containment
Blind Well
Dares of Eternity
Patrols
Fixed an issue where The Investigation campaign mission could be exploited for Silver Leaves.
Added weekly rotating modifiers to the Bonfire Bash activity.
Gameplay and Investment
Fixed an issue where this year's Solstice armor ornaments displayed a purple hue, rather than a blue one, when using a Stasis subclass.
Fixed an issue where the Dream Work origin trait would activate for other weapons, allowing overflow for all gear equipped.
You all owe a certain dungeon boss an apology.
Fixed an issue where The Last Word was doing more damage than intended.
Platforms and Systems
Fixed an issue where the Seashore Pack contents were not being received by players.

Destiny 2 Update 4.1.5
Activities
Raids and Dungeons
Derelict Leviathan
Corrected Power levels on minor combatants associated with the Shared Fears Triumph which were set higher than intended.
Duality
Adjusted the balance between armor and weapon rewards, and set weapon drops to prefer those that have not had their Patterns unlocked.
Adjusted the drop chance of Deepsight weapons within the Duality dungeon.
Fixed an issue where players sometime get trapped in the Nightmare.
Splash damage (grenades, Solar explosions, rockets, etc.) against bells no longer triggers a teleport.
Fly-in cinematic has been added when launching into Duality.
Grasp of Avarice
The final boss no longer teleports out of the spawn location at the start of the encounter.
Gameplay and Investment
Abilities
Fixed an issue where Celestial Fire and Well of Radiance did not display the Sscorch and ignition keyword flyouts when hovering over the corresponding abilities.
Fixed an issue where Super icons were not displaying next to the Super description when hovering over your equipped subclass in the character screen.
Fixed an issue where Radiant's weapon damage boost was unintentionally stacking with tier-1 damage boosts (e.g., Empowering Rift, High Energy Fire) against PvE targets.
Fixed an issue where Solar Grenades with Molten Overload equipped was not stunning Overload Champions.
Fixed an issue where friendly Vortex Grenades could sometimes display a burning status effect display to friendly targets.
Note: We are aware of an issue where Vortex Grenade is dealing lower damage than intended vs. PvE targets and are planning a fix for a later release.
Armor
Fixed an issue where Caliban's Hand behavior was different between PvE and PvP.
Ignition will now proc when defeating enemies by both direct hits and explosions for both PvE and PvP.
This fix introduced a new issue we are investigating where Caliban's Hand will only apply scorch to a single target.
Fixed an issue where Caliban's Hand wasn't working as intended with Radiant and the Knock 'em Down aspect.
Fixed an issue where Solar Fulmination was causing damage to the player inside the blast radius of the ignition.
Fixed an issue where the Righteous Cloak was missing its cape from the feminine model.
This introduced a new issue we are investigating where the dye markup of the cloak was reverted to default.
Fixed an issue where the top part of the Mark of the Falling Star ornament disappeared if a player's helmet was set to off.
Fixed an issue where the combat mod Heavy Handed did not proc with a Titan Stasis melee.
Fixed an issue where the Omnioculus Hunter Exotic was clipping through the Frumious Cloak.
Weapons

Airborne Effectiveness (AE)
Reduced airborne penalties for all primary weapons.
Reduced airborne accuracy penalty at low AE by 20%-40% (varies by Primary weapon type).
Reduced airborne auto -aim (bullet bending) penalty at mid and high AE by 20%.
Reduced airborne magnetism (reticle stickiness, controller only) penalty at mid and high AE by 40%.
Some perks now give a static airborne effectiveness stat buff in addition to their other effects.
Air Assault: +10 airborne effectiveness at all times in addition to +60 (for 70 AE total) when at low health.
Extended Mag: +10 airborne effectiveness.
Steady Rounds: +7 airborne effectiveness.
Weapon Archetypes
Hand Cannons
Precision (180 RPM)
Increased body shot damage from 37 to 40, crit moves from 57 to 60.
Increased body shot damage from 37 to 40, crit moves from 57 to 60.
Can now kill in 2 crit 2 body against Guardians, kills in 1.33s in body shots.
Auto Rifles
Increased body shot damage from 19 to 20, precision multiplier moves from 1.6 to 1.5 (crit damage stays the same at 30).
Scout Rifles
Precision (180 RPM)
Increased body damage from 34 to 38, crit moves from 54.4 to 60.8.
Can 2 crit 2 body against 197 HP (health + shields) or lower, kills in 1.33s in body shots against 190 HP or lower, 1.67s against higher resilience's.
High Impact (150 RPM)
Increased body damage from 38.2 to 42, crit moves from 66.9 to 73.5.
Can 2 crit 1 body against 189 HP or lower, kills in 1.60s in body shots.
Shotguns
Increased pellet Shotgun PvE damage bonus from 10% to 25%.
Linear Fusion Rifles
Changed the previously added flinch increase to only apply to damage from other players.
Glaives
Increased ammo per Special brick from 1 to 2 in PvP.
Exotics
Lorentz Driver
Reduced aim-assist stat from 32 to 22.
Reduced suction against players.
Removed the universal 2x flinch nerf from the previous change.
Gjallarhorn
Primary rocket no longer has proximity detonation.
Wolfpack Rounds now deal half -damage to players.
The Last Word
Reduced hip-fire precision aim angle by 50%.
Reduced damage and aim assist falloff distance by 3m.
Forerunner
Increased ammo per Special brick from 3 to 4 in PvP.
Reduced ammo per Special brick from max to ~16 in PvE.
Eriana's Vow
Increased ammo per Special brick from 1 to 2 in PvP.
SUROS Regime
Increased AE from 23 to 31.
Whisper of the Worm
Increased AE from 9 to 20.
Monte Carlo
Increased AE from 21 to 29.
Forerunner
Increased AE from 22 to 27.
Fixes
Fixed an issue where many weapons with non-standard ammo types for their archetype were not receiving the correct damage multipliers. This resulted in incorrect damage and/or health rubber banding for some Exotic or Legendary perks on these weapons.
Trace Rifles
Special Ammo Grenade Launchers
Eriana's Vow
Fighting Lion
Forerunner
Reshaping perks available for the Tears of Contrition Scout Rifle have been updated to reflect its intended selections. This also correctly applies the "Accurized Rounds" perk to any prior weapons that were re-shaped to have ineligible perks.
Slightly reduced the time to level a shaped weapon.
Enhanced Incandescent now only applies +5 scorch stacks; fixed behavior around additional scorch stacks being applied incorrectly varying based on combatant.
Fixed an issue with shaped instances of Calus Mini-Tool and Drang (Baroque) where the Masterwork border wouldn't appear when the weapon had an enhanced intrinsic and two enhanced traits.
The Heartshadow Exotic sword's catalyst perk Wraithwalk no longer provides benefit while the weapon is out of ammunition.
The Extrovert origin trait now correctly activates on Glaive melee.
Fixed an issue that caused the Heartshadow Exotic Sword's projectiles to apply weaken on all hits, instead of only hits made with Shot in the Dark active.
Fixed an issue where the Gallu RR3 Sniper Rifle claimed that it used Primary ammo.
Fixed an issue where Anarchy was dealing inconsistent damage.
Fixed an issue where burst Linear Fusion Rifles could fire faster than intended.
Fixed an issue where Chain of Command could be made Kinetic by switching between perks.
Fixed an issue where Cyrosthesia 77k wasn't working as intended with the Piercing Sidearm artifact mod.
Fixed an issue where Python and Exit Strategy did not count towards the Dark Age Arsenal Triumph.
Fixed an issue where all Linear Fusion Rifles and some Exotics had unintentionally reduced damage vs. Champions.
Fixed an issue allowing Suros Regime to keep the Spinning Up trait between reloads.
General
The First Gig emote will no longer have its infectious melodies spread to other emotes.
Tracking a Seasonal Challenge before the Season resets may result in a Challenge that cannot be untracked in following Seasons.
Added images for earnable rewards to The Witch Queen Dungeon Key.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 4.1.0.4
Activities
Raid and Dungeon
The Last Wish:
Fixed an issue where mods were not dropping.
Duality:
Fixed an issue where damage phase lasted for an unintended duration in the Sorrow Bearer encounter.
Fixed an issue where the Sorrow Bearer encounter could auto-complete after the first bell teleport.
Fixed an issue where Skyburner's Oath and the Explosive Payload perk could bypass the bosses' shields in Duality's Vault encounter.
Fixed an issue where players could break immune shields in Vault of Glass, Garden of Salvation, and Vow of the Disciple by applying Scorch to enemies.
Crucible and Iron Banner
Fixed an issue where players could hide out of bounds in the Crucible map, Disjunction.
Iron Banner:
Fixed an issue where the Heavy as Death emblem was not contributing towards the reputation rank boost when equipped.
Fixed an issue where the fifth step of the Forging Iron Quest would not progress if the equipped Iron Banner armor also had Iron Banner ornaments applied.
Fixed an issue where the daily challenges rank boost increments were not unlocked account-wide.
Rift:
Fixed an issue where dunking the Spark with no time left on the round timer could trigger an infinite transmat loop.
Fixed an issue where the Spark would disappear for the remainder of the match if the player that picks it up dies at the same time.
Destinations
Fixed an issue where The Conflux Lost Sector would not be available in its Legend or Master version for some players.
Fixed an issue where the first step of the Bound by Sorrow quest would not complete upon collecting 500 Vestiges.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Fixed an issue where certain Exotic armor pieces did not offer their airborne effectiveness benefits:
Sealed Ahamkara Grasps: +50 to all weapons for 5 seconds after a melee hit.
Wings of Sacred Dawn: +50 to all weapons.
Lion Rampant: +50 while hip-firing.
Peacekeepers: +40 to SMGs.
Peregrine Greaves: +20 to all weapons.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where Players could shoot through Barricades, Ward of Dawn, and thin walls when both the Piercing Sidearms artifact mod was equipped on a weapon with the Armor-Piercing Rounds weapon perk.
Piercing Sidearms artifact mod will be re-enabled.
Fixed an issue where the Nezarec's Whisper Glaive couldn't be Masterworked in some cases.
Abilities
Fixed an issue where Hammer Strike was not receiving the intended damage bonus from Roaring Flames.
Note: In patch 4.1.0.2, we fixed an issue where Roaring Flames was not getting the intended reduced scalars while melee boosting Exotic armor or weapon perks were active, but that change was not reflected in that release's patch notes, so we're including it here for posterity.
Roaring Flames now grants a 20% bonus damage on powered melee abilities per stack.
Roaring Flames will grant a 10% bonus damage per stack if Synthoceps, Peregrine Greaves, Wormgod Caress or the One-Two Punch weapon perk are active.
General
Adjusted Crucible Vermillion shader's visuals on glowing materials to address potential photosensitivity issues.

Destiny 2 Hotfix - 4.1.0.3
Activities
Raids and Dungeons:
Moving forward, Grasp of Avarice dungeon will only drop a Pinnacle reward upon completion when it is the featured dungeon of the week.
Encounter completions during non-featured weeks have a chance to drop a Powerful reward.
You can learn more about the new rotator system in the previous TWAB here.
Vault of Glass: Fixed an issue where a Titan's Solar Throwing Hammer could interrupt boss attacks from the Templar.
Fixed an issue where Sunspots could break immune shields in Vault of Glass, Garden of Salvation, and Vow of the Disciple.
Derelict Leviathan:
Sever: Fixed an issue where players could not teleport all out of Shame and Reconciliation Sever activities after the boss is defeated.
Look. Sever is supposed to be emotional but that doesn't mean we meant to trap you there, OK? We'll call it bonding.
Nightmare Containment: Fixed an issue where The Machinist refused to rocket and stomp players when he was supposed to, so we gave him a stern talking-to and now he's back to usual shenanigans.
The Machinist will now periodically shoot a blaze of rockets at players and stomp when they get too close.
Trials of Osiris:
Fixed an issue where players were not appropriately matched based on win count in Trials of Osiris.
With this issue fixed, the Flawless pool and Flawless pool loot will once again be enabled on Sundays at 10 AM Pacific.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons:
Well Rounded perk will no longer trigger when a player cancels a charged grenade.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 4.1.0.2
ACTIVITIES
Raids and Dungeons
We have fixed an issue where Pinnacle gear was dropping more than once per week in the Master version of the Duality dungeon
Encounters from either Legend or Master, whichever is completed first, reward pinnacles once per week per class.
Pinnacle rewards were unrestricted in Duality Master mode before this change
Fixed an issue that blocked progress in Grasp of Avarice final boss encounter.
Captain Avarokk might still show some shaky animations during the fight.
Fixed an issue that could cause an activity crash during the Caretaker encounter in Vow of the Disciple.
Removed Powerful rewards from Deep Stone Crypt when it's not a weekly featured Raid.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Fixed an issue where some weapons wouldn't get Deepsight progression
Fixed an issue where the enhanced version of Bait and Switch was not working.
Fixed an issue where Adaptive Munitions was not working on Glaives.
Fixed an issue where the Exotic Sidearm Trespasser was not available in Collections.
Fixed an issue where the Season Pass Auto Rifle Firefright was not available in Collections
Fixed an issue where the Conscripted ornament for Traveler's Chosen could no longer be equipped
Armor
Updated the description of the Roast 'Em perk on the Hunter Exotic arms Caliban's Hand: "Proximity Knife scorches targets it damages with its explosions, or ignites targets on a direct kill."
Fixed an issue where Artifice Armor lost their special mod socket.
Abilities
Warlock
Heat Rises:
Added behavior: Consuming your grenade now also releases a burst of cure x2 around you, healing you and your nearby allies. Consuming a Healing Grenade increases the strength of the burst to cure x3 and consuming a Touch of Flame Healing Grenade provides Restoration as an additional benefit.
Icarus Dash:
Added behavior: While airborne, rapidly defeating targets with your Super or any weapon cures you.
Celestial Fire:
Each Celestial Fire projectile now applies 10 Scorch stacks. This is increased to 15 stacks with Ember of Ashes equipped.
Titan
Burning Maul:
Buffed damage in PvE by 25%.
Roaring Flames:
While Roaring Flames is active, your uncharged melee attack now deals Solar damage and applies 30 scorch stacks to targets per hit. This is increased to 40 stacks with Ember of Ashes equipped.
Fixed an issue where the Roaring Flames Aspect wouldn't proc on some Solar grenade kills.
Consecration:
Fragment slots increased from 1 to 2.
Raised the height of the secondary attack's ground wave by 25% to more easily catch players who jump too late.
Miscellaneous
Ember of Benevolence
Fixed an issue that caused this Fragment to activate and refresh inconsistently.
Should now always activate from:
Allies entering your Healing Rift or Well of Radiance.
Healing allies with a Healing Grenade, Heat Rises grenade consume, Edge of Intent Warlock Glaive turret, or Phoenix Dive landing detonation.
Hitting allies with Lumina's Noble Rounds or Boots of the Assembler orbs.
Fixed an issue with Vortex, Voidwall, and Solar grenades causing them to deal less damage than intended against PvE targets.
General
Fixed an issue where certain Rare armor was able to be dismantled for Legendary rewards.
Fixed an issue where the Season 17 Season Pass +10 ranks bundle was not properly showing on Eververse.
Fixed an issue with the Russian translation for the perk Sleight of Hand. Now it properly states the perk functionality.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 4.1.0.1
Activities
Dungeons and Raids
Duality:

Fixed an issue where players were spawning in an undesirable location after joining the existing fireteam. You really didn't want to be there.
Standard Bearers are now spawning where intended.
Spamming the bell should no longer stop it from functioning.
Fixed numerous texture and environment issues.
Grasp of Avarice:

Fixed an issue where players couldn't progress in the encounter.
Vow of the Disciple:

Fixed an issue where previewing weapons in the vendor shop showed placeholder shaders.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Players will be less likely to spawn into the opposing team's Witherhoard pools in PvP.
Bump in the Night Rocket Launcher now has a tracking indicator in the scope when used with the Tracking Module perk.
Fixed several Hand Cannons which had missing scopes including The Steady Hand and True Prophecy.
Bounties and Pursuits
Fixed an issue where Seasonal Challenges were not correctly tracking Seasonal quest progress across different characters in some circumstances.
Platforms and Systems
Fixed an issue where players on Xbox platforms could sometimes only see limited invite and join actions in the roster when viewing Xbox network friends.

Destiny 2 Update 4.1.0
Activities
Freeroam

The Legend and Master Lost Sector rotation has been updated.
Players can expect to see a Nessus Lost Sector!
Xr's Treasure Hoard and Dares of Eternity

Fixed a bug that would cause a flashing effect that could potentially have a negative impact on those with photosensitive epilepsy when interacting with the portal in a specific way.
Iron Banner

Iron Banner reputational changes, detailed here, are in effect to be more in-line with other reputational systems in Destiny 2.
Completing challenges and donning Iron Banner gear, including Iron Banner armor ornaments in place of swapping out armor, earns an additional buff when ranking up that Iron Banner reputation.
4 event challenges have been added when playing Iron Banner.
These will rotate daily.
New intro quest added.
All players must complete this once.
A new Triumph and Seal has been added to ring in a new era of Iron Banner.
Bounties and tokens have been removed from Iron Banner.
Power level advantages are now disabled in Iron Banner.
Rift returns as a new Iron Banner Seasonal mode. Learn more about Rift and its future here.
Gambit

Gambit Reputation: Activity completion now awards 75 reputation points from 50.
Activity streaks award 20 reputation points per streak from 15.
Overall gains should be 25-33% faster.
Reduced the number of wins needed for the Gold Coins gilded Triumph for the Dredgen Seal from 50 to 30.
Quality-of-life update to Gambit bounties:
Daily Bounties:
Added new bounty for collecting Heavy ammo.
Updated defeating combatants with Stasis bounty to include freeze assists.
Changed sending one of each type of Blocker bounty to sending Blockers of any size (with more progress given for sending bigger Blockers).
Now players must bank 100 Motes as a team, versus the previous 25 Motes banked per player.
Repeatable Bounties:
Added a new bounty for defeating invaders as a fireteam.
Added a new bounty for defeating Blockers.
This includes final blows and assists when progressing through this bounty.
Updated the defeating combatants with Stasis bounty to include freeze assists.
Changed the defeating opposing Guardians with final blows or assists bounty to defeating opposing Guardians as a fireteam.
Updated Gambit enemy variations.
Vanguard Ops

Fixed an issue where the incorrect names for Champions in the Warden of Nothing strike would appear.
Identity theft is not a joke, Jim.
Higher difficulty Battlegrounds and strikes can now be rejoined automatically after a disconnect.
No, you still won't be able to change your loadout when taking on Grandmaster Nightfalls.
Trials of Osiris

Trials Capture Zone and Freelance are no longer referred to as "Labs."
New Trials weapons can now be earned via Saint-14's reputation rewards track before they can be decrypted from Trials Engrams.
Complete matches of Trials of Osiris to earn reputation with Saint-14.
Please make our favorite space uncle proud. Thanks.
Crucible

Control: Each player capturing a zone now gets +1 participation point.
Elimination: Each round will now last 90 seconds, reduced from the previous 120-second marker.
Mayhem: Super kills now reward players with 3 points instead of 2.
Mayhem: Increased the score target to 200 from 150.
Mayhem: Time limit has been reduced from 8 to 7 minutes.
Rumble: Time limit has been increased from 8 minutes to 10.
Showdown: Each round's target score has been increased to 15 from 10.
Crucible private matches will now default to match mode settings in Playlists.
Fixed a bug that caused the Only One Ascends medal to be improperly awarded on capturing a zone.
Raids and Dungeons

Vow of the Disciple: Fixed an issue where players could get out of environment near the Caretaker encounter.
Vault of Glass: Spoils of Conquest are no longer farmable on repeated clears.
Last Wish: Fixed an exploit where players could pick up Diamond Lance to drop Riven's Heart.
Hasn't Riven gone through enough? I mean...
Last Wish: Fixed an issue where players could fight Kalli outside of the intended darkness phase.
Garden of Salvation: Fixed an issue where players could continuously spawn combatants in one of the sides of the Sanctified Mind encounter.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons

Weapon Crafting: All element currencies other than Neutral Elements have been removed. Neutral Elements have been renamed to Resonant Elements.
Weapon Crafting: The Masterwork visual has been added to crafted weapons. The weapon must be reshaped with an enhanced intrinsic and two enhanced trait perks in order to Masterwork.
We heard y'all liked gold borders.
Weapon Crafting: PvP kills will generate slightly more weapon level progression.
Weapon Crafting: Reduced the amount of time it takes to progress Deepsight mods.
Weapon Crafting: Vow of the Disciple Adept Deepsight weapons will now progress toward recipe progress.
This will not retroactively provide progress for already-completed Deepsight mods.
Weapons: Glaive projectile speed has been increased.
Exotic Weapon: No Time to Explain's time portal no longer shoots dead bodies when it's bored.
The Alacrity origin trait now activates when it is supposed to, no longer impacting players that are in a fireteam.
Fixed an exploit that allowed players to break out of playable spaces with glaive and Mask of Bakris equipped.
Global

Reduced the tier-1 damage bonus from 20% to 15% when going up against other players.
This is specifically to reduce the number of one-hit kills in PvP (e.g., Le Monarque or a High-Impact Sniper with High-Impact Reserves + High-Energy Fire or an Empowering Rift)
The Stability weapon stat now grants flinch resistance in addition to its other effects, with a maximum flinch resistance of 10% to 25% depending on the weapon archetype.
For a complete breakdown, check out our massive novel-length TWAB from a previous week here.
For the full changes made to how airborne gameplay works, please check out the full breakdown here. For a brief recap:
All Primary weapons have their airborne accuracy penalty removed (i.e., they're just as accurate airborne as groundedyour bullets go where you're aiming).
We've added a new weapon stat called airborne effectiveness, which has been deliberately tuned on all Exotic weapons, everything that shipped in Season 16, and everything from Season 17 onwards.
Some outliers also have a hand-tuned stat, like the rest of the Trials of Osiris and Nightfall weapons.
All other weapons have a default value, set per weapon archetype.
Precision angle threshold - 0 at 0 stat, high at 100 stat.
This controls how easy it is to get headshots while airborne. If this is 0, you must pinpoint aim exactly at the head to get the headshot, otherwise you'll get a body shot even if your aim assist cone overlaps with the head.
What this means overall is that players will get fewer misses due to randomness from the accuracy cone while airborne, but reliance on aiming is much higher at low stat. In order to make this easier, players will need to build into airborne.
The airborne effectiveness stat comes from three sources:
Weapon:
The weapon's base airborne effectiveness stat, with ranges varying from 0 to 10 and to 0 to 30, depending on the weapon archetype.
Exotic weapons typically get a higher stat than Legendary weapons in that archetype.
This is available to weapon perks, starting with Air Assault.
Subclass:
The Heat Rises Warlock Solar Aspect: +70 while Heat Rises is active (i.e., on consuming your grenade).
The Tempered Metal Solar Fragment: +20.
The Whisper of Hedrons Stasis Fragment: +20.
Exotic Armor:
Exotic armor that revolves around being airborne, or works on specific weapons, grants a bonus or penalty that is usually in the -50 to +40 range.
Stompees: -50.
Lion Rampant: +100, only while hip-firing.
Peacekeepers: +40 on SMGs only.
Celestial Nighthawk: +100, only for firing the Celestial Nighthawk Super shot.
Lucky Pants: +20, on Hand Cannons only.
Peregrine Greaves: +10.
Wings of Sacred Dawn: +50.
Nezarec's Sin: +20, with Void weapons only.
Necrotic Grips: +20 with Weapons of Sorrow (and similar weapons).
This means that, in general, if you want good airborne effectiveness (i.e., 80 stat), you should pick a weapon with a high stat, put Icarus Grip on it, and either equip an Exotic armor piece that helps, or run a subclass Aspect or Fragment.
If you want the best possible airborne effectiveness, you'll generally have to go all in on all three: weapon, Exotic armor, and subclass.
This is a big weapon system change; we'll be monitoring how it rolls out and adjusting as needed.
Playlist weapons (Gambit, Crucible, and strike drops) now have a chance to roll with extra traits in one or both columns, increasing with number of rank resets with that vendor.
Starting in Season 17, all playlist weapons from Beyond Light and later will drop with the appropriate Origin Trait.
Archetypes

Sniper Rifle:
Reduced stow, ready, and aim-down-sights times by 10%, i.e., all Snipers are now snappier.
Shotgun (applies to both Slug and Pellet Shotguns):
Reduced damage falloff start and end by 1m.
Reduced aim assist and magnetism falloff start and end by 2m.
Fusion Rifle:
Reduced damage falloff near distance.
2m at 0 range (~2.7m when ADS with a 15-zoom stat).
1.3m at 100 range (~2.275m when ADS with a 15-zoom stat).
Reduced damage falloff far distance.
1m at 0 range (~1.35m when ADS with a 15-zoom stat).
1.3m at 100 range (~1.75m when ADS with a 15-zoom stat).
Reduced recoil scalar variance between 0 and 100 stability:
0 stability: unchanged at 0.750.
100 stability: increased from 0.500 to 0.550 (i.e. increased the recoil penalty slightly).
Reduced unmodified High-Impact charge time from 1.000 to 0.960s.
Increased High-Impact damage per burst by 10.
Increased unmodified Precision charge time from 0.740 to 0.780s.
Increased unmodified Rapid-Fire charge time from 0.460 to 0.500.
Decreased Rapid-Fire damage per burst by 20.
New charge time and damage per burst for all fusion rifle subfamilies:
High-Impact: 0.960s, 330 damage.
Precision: 0.780s, 280 damage.
Adaptive: 0.660s, 270 damage.
Rapid-Fire: 0.500s, 245 damage.
Auto Rifle:
Increased damage falloff near distance by 0.75m.
Pulse Rifle:
Increased damage falloff near distance based on the range stat:
0 range: increased from 15 to 16m.
100 range: increased from 22.5 to 24m.
(Note that this is the hip-fire falloff distance and is multiplied by the zoom value to get the aim down sights falloff distance).
Damage falloff far distance remains 40m regardless of the range stat.
Increased Lightweight (450RPM) Pulse Rifle damage per bullet from 15 to 16 (with a 1.65x precision scalar this will increase precision damage from 24.75 to 26.4).
This won't change the optimal time to kill (TTK) in PvP but will reduce the number of crits required.
Submachine Gun (SMG):
Increased damage falloff near distance by 1.5m.
Adjusted zoom values on most viable Legendary SMGs and one Exotic.
Shayura's Wrath: 17 ? 16.
Multimach: With max zoom scope: 17 ? 15 (second highest zoom will bring this to 14 instead).
Stochastic Variable: 13 ? 14.
Ikelos: already did this in 600, but 13 ? 14.
Seventh Seraph: 13 ? 14.
Every Waking Moment: 13 ? 14.
Nerfed Adaptive SMGs body damage to increase their body shot TTK by one bullet without impacting optimal.
Decreased body damage from 12 to 11.25.
Increased precision multiplier from 1.35 to 1.44.
Hand Cannon:
Precision Frame Hand Cannons
Intrinsic switched from an airborne penalty scalar to +25 airborne effectiveness stat.
Machine Gun:
Increased damage by 40% against PvE enemies (20% vs bosses).
Xenophage and Grand Overture do not receive the bonus damage against bosses.
Sword:
Fixed several inconsistencies in stat display between different Swords (this has no gameplay impact).
Increased the charge rate of Sola's Scar from 20 to 50 to match Temptation's hook.
Trace Rifle:
Increase Trace Rifle buff against non-red bar combatants to a total of 20% over live.
Increased ammo picked up per Special ammo brick from 18 to 30.
Glaive:
Increased melee damage versus PvE enemies (except for bosses and vehicles) by 25%.
Reduced energy drain speed while shielded by 30%.
Increased projectile speed dependent on the range stat:
At 0 stat: increased from 30 to 60 m/s.
At 100 stat: increased from 80 to 100 m/s.
Rocket Launcher:
Fixed rocket damage scalar by ROF so it applies to impact and detonation damage and increased the difference from 5% to 10%.
Reduced the Eyes of Tomorrow damage map buff from 1.3x to 1.2x since it gets 1.1x from this Rocket Launcher change (no other Exotic Rocket Launcher should be affected).
Exotics

All Exotics that shipped before the Forsaken expansion release now have their kill trackers visible by default.
Fighting Lion:
Reverted the Season 15 breech Grenade Launcher blast radius reduction, but just for Fighting Lion, by increasing blast radius by 0.4m.
Increased damage by 5%.
Eyes of Tomorrow:
Increased damage vs bosses and Champions by 30%.
Leviathan's Breath:
The Archer's Tempo perk from the catalyst now has increased effect (just on this weapon).
The standard draw time scalar for Archer's Tempo is 0.75x, it is now 0.5625x on Leviathan's Breath.
Added a small delay before detonation on Champions, mini-bosses, and bosses.
This allows the impact to stun an Unstoppable Champion and the detonation to deal bonus damage against the stunned Champion.
Damage changed to be more of an even split between impact and detonation, and increased damage across the board by ~50%.
Overall damage vs Champions are roughly doubled (even more compared to shooting an un-stunned unstoppable Champion).
The Huckleberry:
Increased zoom stat from 13 to 15.
Xenophage:
Reverted the Season 15 change (which reduced the rate of fire to 100RPM).
Increased rate of fire from 100RPM to 120RPM.
Reduced damage per bullet to match the previous.
Doesn't benefit from the Season 15 or Season 17 Machin Gun PvE damage buffs.
Le Monarque:
Reduced poison tick damage vs players by 25%.
Changed poison damage type from burn to poison.
Increased poison tick damage vs AI by 50%.
Lorentz Driver:
Reduced body shot damage against players by 20%.
Body damage reverts to old behavior when in the weapon's damage mode.
Precision damage in any mode unchanged.
Skyburner's Oath:
Increased aim-down-sights (ADS) projectile speed to 9999 (i.e., this projectile is now hitscan).
Both ADS and hip-fire are now 150 RPM.
Hip-fire projectile no longer tracks, but arcs similar to a Grenade Launcher have a larger detonation size than ADS.
The hip-fire detonation also applies Scorch to targets.
The bonus range from the Masterwork has been rolled into the base stats of the weapon. The Masterwork now grants bonus reload speed instead.
Has the highest airborne effectiveness stat of any weapon in the game.
The Last Word:
Reduced mouse and keyboard recoil penalty from 33% to 22%.
Arbalest:
Reduced damage vs Champions by 25% (will still break barriers in one hit).
Graviton Lance:
Catalyst changed from granting Hidden Hand to granting Vorpal Weapon and Turnabout.
Grand Overture:
Reduced time between bursts when in missile mode. Holding the trigger will now fire all missiles in a continuous burst, tapping will fire 5-round bursts.
Wavesplitter - Void 3.0 update:
Picking up an Orb of Power now grants 10s of maximum power and caps at 20s, up from 5 and 10, respectively.
Now suppresses targets on sustained fire while in this mode.
Osteo Striga:
Corrected rotation on the projectile model.
Exotic Glaives:
Titan Glaive, Edge of Action: players now gain a Void overshield from entering the bubble.
Helm of Saint-14' Starless Night now applies to this bubble as it does for Ward of Dawn.
Warlock Glaive, Edge of Intent: increased speed and acceleration of the healing turret projectiles.
Hunter Glaive, Edge of Concurrence: tripled the damage of the wave detonation, increased the number of enemies it can chain to from 4 to 8.
Lord of Wolves is like a Shotgun but has some custom tuning, so it needed some adjustments to keep pace with the last couple of Shotgun changes:
Reduced damage falloff start and end by 25%.
Perks
Note: where an enhanced perk exists and an adjustment is needed, it's been adjusted in the same way.

Snapshot Sights:
Increased ADS animation speed scalar from 0.5 to 0.75 for Special ammo weapons (i.e., made the speed slower, though Primary ammo weapons are unchanged).
Opening Shot:
Removed the damage falloff scalar.
Increased range stat bonus from +20 to +25.
Full Choke:
Increased spread angle scale from 0.95 to 0.9625 (i.e., narrows the spread a little less).
Smoothbore:
Reduced spread angle scale from 1.1 to 1.075 (i.e., widens the spread a little less).
Desperado:
Increased fire recovery scalar from 0.415 to 0.7 (i.e., doesn't fire as fast with the perk active).
Reduced duration from 7s to 6s, added a timer to the buff text.
Removed the PvE damage penalty.
This will allow it to work as intended on some other subfamilies, not just High-Impacts.
Shoot to Loot:
Now only activates if the player is capable of picking up the ammo brick.
The cooldown has been removed.
Air Assault:
Now grants up to +60 airborne effectiveness stat when wounded (same trigger conditions as Eye of the Storm).
Mulligan:
Increased chance to return ammo on a miss from 20% to 35% on Primary ammo weapons.
Unchanged on Special and Heavy ammo weapons.
Compulsive Reloader:
Increased reload stat buff from +40 to +50.
Added a 0.95x reload animation scalar.
Adagio:
Reduced the damage bonus for Shotguns from 30% to 20%.
Harmony:
Fixed an issue where kills from the weapon with this perk could sometimes activate the perk if stowed quickly.
Skulking Wolf:
The perk duration has been changed to 10 seconds for use in the updated Iron Banner mode.
Mods

Icarus Grip:
Removed airborne accuracy scalar, now grants +15 airborne effectiveness stat.
Adept Icarus:
Removed airborne accuracy scalar, now grants +15 airborne effectiveness stat and +5 handling.
Abilities

Solar Subclasses:
Reworked to fit the Subclass 3.0 system, in particular: Solar subclasses now use the Aspect and Fragment system used by Stasis and Void.
Standardized a set of buffs and debuffs aligned to the Solar damage type used across your subclass, weapons, and armor:
Cure - You are healed in a burst of mending Solar Light.
Restoration - You continuously regenerate health and shields over time. Cannot be interrupted by taking damage.
Radiant - Your weapons are enhanced by the power of the Traveler and deal increased damage to foes.
Scorch - The target is singed by destructive Solar Light, taking damage over time. Scorch damage increases as the target accumulates more Scorch stacks. After 100 Scorch stacks are applied to the target, they Ignite.
Ignite - A large, damaging Solar explosion in an area around the target.
Hovering over Aspects, Fragments, or abilities on the Solar subclass screen now displays a tooltip flyout detailing any relevant status effects.
Some old subclass perks have been deprecated, while others have been rolled into base ability behavior, Fragments or Aspects will have fluid behavior because of that.
All classes now have access to all Solar grenades.
Grenades

Healing Grenade (NEW):
Releases a wave of benevolent Solar Light on impact with targets or the environment that Cures allies and creates a blessing that grants Restoration on pickup. Tracks to allies in its flight path.
Solar Grenade:
Now applies 20 Scorch stacks to targets on initial detonation and 14 Scorch stacks per second to targets in the lingering damage volume instead of a generic Solar burn effect.
Base cooldown increased from 105s to 121s.
Tripmine Grenade:
Now applies 40 Scorch stacks to targets caught in the blast.
Firebolt Grenade:
Now applies 20 Scorch stacks to targets hit by secondary seekers.
Fusion Grenade:
Now applies 40 Scorch stacks targets caught in the blast.
Incendiary Grenade:
Now applies 60 Scorch stacks to targets caught in the blast, rather than applying a generic Solar burn effect.
Thermite Grenade:
Now applies 10 Scorch stacks to targets hit by each wave.
Swarm Grenade:
Now applies 5 Scorch stacks to targets caught in each drone's detonation.
Hunter

Gunslinger
Split Golden Gun into two separate variants, Deadshot and Marksman:
Deadshot (6-shot variant):
Now deals increased damage while Radiant.
Now refunds a Golden Gun round when you cause a target to Ignite while your Super is active, rather than on any kill.
Marksman (3-shot variant):
Now deals increased damage while Radiant.
Now over-penetrates targets by default.
Blade Barrage:
Increased consistency of tracking strength.
Knives can now track targets more predictably at very close and very far ranges.
Increased PVE damage vs. PVE combatants by 25%.
Knife Trick:
Now applies 20 Scorch stacks per knife rather than a generic Solar burn effect.
Weighted Throwing Knife:
Now refunds your class ability on precision kill rather than itself.
Now causes Scorched targets to Ignite on hit.
Lightweight Knife (new melee):
A quick Throwing Knife option that deals moderate damage and causes you to become Radiant when you land a precision hit.
Acrobat's Dodge (new ability):
Perform an acrobatic leap, driving a Solar knife to the ground. On landing, you and nearby allies are made Radiant.
Deprecated the Practice Makes Perfect subclass node perk.
Reworked the Knock 'Em Down subclass node perk:
Now passively grants additional bonuses to your Solar Supers:
Marksman Golden Gun has 15% additional damage resistance and 4 seconds increased duration (+33%).
Deadshot Golden Gun has 4 seconds increased duration (+33%).
Blade Barrage now fires 5 additional knives per wave (+70%).
In addition, Radiant-defeating targets with your equipped Throwing Knife refunds your melee energy.
Nightstalker
Trapper's Ambush:
Landing detonation now counts as melee damage and will trigger perks like Echo of Exchange and Melee Wellmaker.
Stylish Executioner:
After a Stylish Execution, your weakening melee attack now also deals bonus damage to targets.
Arcstrider:
Fixed an issue where Tempest Strike would sometimes fail to travel through doors with low ceilings.
Titan

Sunbreaker
Hammer of Sol:
Now shatters into explosive secondary projectiles as default behavior.
Burning Maul:
Increased initial light attack lunge distance.
After landing ten light attack hits, now automatically spawns a Heavy attack cyclone at the target's location.
Hammer Strike:
No longer weakens targets.
Now applies 40 Scorch stacks to the primary target hit by Hammer Strike and deals damage to targets behind them. If the primary target is killed by a Hammer Strike direct impact, they automatically Ignite.
Throwing Hammer:
Now applies Cure (in addition to refunding the melee cost) when picked up if the Hammer struck a target.
Deprecated the Mortar Blast melee ability and the Explosive Pyre and Tempered Metal subclass node perks.
Roaring Flames:
Now activates from Solar ability kills and kills with Solar Ignitions.
Damage scalar reduced to compensate for expected increased uptime:
Now 20% increased ability damage to combatants per stack, down from 30%.
Note: melee damage bonus is reduced when Peregrine Greaves, One-Two Punch, Wormgod Caress, or Synthoceps' perks are also active.
Now ~13% increased ability damage to players per stack, down from 25%.
Sol Invictus:
Sunspots are now created from Solar ability kills, kills on Scorched targets, or Hammer of Sol impacts.
Sunspots now apply Scorch (in addition to dealing damage) to targets that pass through.
Sunspots no longer provide an outgoing damage boost, but now grant Restoration when you pass through a Sunspot you created.
Grenade and melee regeneration bonus scalar granted by Sol Invictus (previously Sun Warrior) reduced from 3 to 1.5.
In general, we want significant amounts of ability regeneration to come from buildcrafting rather than any single source, and the amount of bonus energy granted by Sun Warrior didn't meet our goals in the new system where additional buildcrafting elements are present.
Sentinel
Offensive Bulwark:
Increased the amount of time added to your Void Overshield's duration when you defeat a target with a melee attack.
Now 6 seconds bonus duration, up from 2 seconds.
Behemoth
Diamond Lance:
Fixed an issue where the Diamond Lance pickup interactable would delete itself if an enemy player walked through it.
Warlock

General
Added a small amount of airborne tolerance when casting a rift to reduce instances of the cast sequence terminating early while on uneven terrain.
Note: this change was also previously applied to the Titan Barricade ability with the launch of The Witch Queen.
Dawnblade
Daybreak:
Now sends out a streak of flames on impact as default behavior.
Well of Radiance:
No longer provides an overshield to players standing in the Well.
Now damage resistance has increased vs. damage from combatants, player abilities, and Special and Heavy weapon damage to partially offset the loss in raw HP.
Celestial Fire:
Tracking effectiveness increased at longer ranges.
Reduced damage of each individual projectile from 35hp to 30hp.
Damage scalar increased against PVE combatants by 25%.
Incinerator Snap (new melee ability):
Snap your fingers to create a short-range fan of burning sparks which explode and Scorch enemies.
Phoenix Dive (NEW):
Dive to the ground and create a burst of Solar Light that Cures yourself and nearby allies.
Deprecated the Guiding Flame and Igniting Touch melee abilities, and the Divine Protection and Everlasting Fire subclass node perks.
Heat Rises:
Now also improves Phoenix Dive. While Heat Rises is active, you are granted Restoration while diving, and deal damage to and Scorch nearby enemies on landing.
Now grants +70 airborne effectiveness to your equipped weapons rather than removing the airborne accuracy penalty.
Voidwalker
Pocket Singularity:
Improved consistency at close ranges.
Now also disables targets' melee lunge for 1 second on hit.
Stormcaller
Ball Lightning:
Projectile now arms more quickly after passing over a target to resolve an issue where the downward detonation could overshoot targets behind cover.
Solar Aspects

Hunter:
Knock 'Em Down
On Your Mark
Gunpowder Gamble
Titan:
Roaring Flames
Sol Invictus
Consecration
Warlock:
Icarus Dash
Heat Rises
Touch of Flame
Solar Fragments

Ember of Singeing
Ember of Benevolence
Ember of Eruption
Ember of Searing
Ember of Beams
Ember of Combustion
Ember of Torches
Ember of Tempering
Ember of Blistering
Ember of Solace
[REDACTED]
[REDACTED]
[REDACTED]
[REDACTED]
Solar-Focused Exotic Armor Updates

Loreley Splendor Helm:
The Sunspot created by Loreley Splendor Helm now when casting your Barricade or while at critical health has improved Restoration effects.
The Bombardiers:
Now apply Scorch to targets rather than a generic Solar burn effect.
Dawn Chorus:
Now causes your Daybreak projectiles to apply Scorch to impacted targets rather than a generic Solar burn effect.
Now increases the damage your Scorch effects deal.
Phoenix Cradle:
Now applies the Sol Invictus buff and Solar Restoration to allies that pass through your Sunspots.
Young Ahamkara's Spine:
No longer grants ability energy from burn damage ticks.
General

Void Invisibility:
Radar ping loop now begins after 5 seconds of invisibility, up from 3.
With Update 4.0.0.4, we made a change to radar behavior for invisible targets. We believe that this was the right path forward, but our tuning was slightly too aggressive and removed space in the Nightstalker kit that allowed them to intelligently flank bunkered players.
The changes in this update mean that base Vanishing Step or Trapper's Ambush melee invisibility will not trigger a second radar ping (unless the invisible player begins sprinting or uses their vertical movement mode). With one source of invisibility extension (like Echo of Persistence or Graviton Forfeit) active or with an extended invisibility effect (like a Trapper's Ambush Quickfall or Stylish Executioner activation), one additional radar ping will occur, and if two extensions are used then two additional radar pings will occur.
Void Volatile:
Fixed an issue where volatile detonations could be applied to a single target immediately rather than going on the intended 1-second cooldown.
We don't believe this will result in a noticeable player-facing difference in volatile behavior or efficacy outside of edge cases with Volatile Rounds or Controlled Demolition but will be keeping an eye on this going forward.
Lowered the amount of physics acceleration applied to targets by volatile detonations.
Resilience:
Now grants increased incoming flinch resistance and damage resistance vs. PVE combatants.
Power and Progression

Power Bands have been increased for the new Season:
Power Floor: 1350 (unchanged)
Soft Cap: 1510 (up from 1500)
Powerful Cap: 1560 (up from 1550)
Hard Cap: 1570 (up from 1560)
The Character Power Boost has been increased to 1510 with the new Soft Cap.
Bounties and Pursuits

Fixed an error granting unintended progress for Weapon Flair Triumph.
Activity streaks for Crucible, Vanguard, Xr's Strange Favor, and Gambit no longer reset when you enter a non-ritual activity. Instead, they rebalance themselves every time you complete a ritual activity, so you can never have a total of more the 5 across the 4 reputations.
Players no longer receive Gunsmith reputation for completing campaign missions.
Public events objectives now award participation for all types of public events.
Fixed an issue where The Butler RS/2 Rocket Launcher is rewarded to a new Guardian after starting the New Light campaign a second time.
Fixed several issues affecting the runes in the Veles Labyrinth Lost Sector in the Cosmodrome.
Removed bounty related objectives from Gambit, Crucible, and strike intro quests.
Fixed an issue where new characters would start with other subclasses unlocked when deleting a veteran character.
Vendor buttons leading to abilities now show a checkmark to signify all abilities have been acquired from subclass tree.
Rewards

Dares of Eternity: Increased Strange Coins earned from the reward chest in Dares of Eternity from 1 to 3. This does not affect the number of Strange Coins earned from Lightning Round chests.
Dares of Eternity: Fixed an issue that could result in the Pinnacle reward for completing the weekly activity challenge to result in duplicates more often than intended.
Seasonal Challenges with unique items or upgrades now show those rewards with large icons. Experience and Bright Dust continue to use smaller icons.
Season Pass

Going forward, Catalyst Quest Boosts acquirable from the Season Pass will apply to all active Season Pass Exotic catalyst quests. This applies to Season of the Risen and after.
A Season Pass exclusive Ghost projection has been added to the premium track (available at rank 45).
Some existing rewards were moved/consolidated to accommodate this change but no items have been removed from the Pass.
Vendors

Xr's inventory should no longer be different if players manage to find him at destinations shortly after the weekly reset happens on Tuesday. He will still reappear with new gifts from the Nine when he returns at his regularly scheduled time on Friday.
Updated the names and descriptions for some vendor engrams. Engram items titled "Gear" should directly reward you with an item of that type, while engrams items titled "Engram" should reward you with a decryptable engram you can bring to Rahool or focus at a vendor.
Platforms and Systems
Cleaned up Audio settings for voice chat on non-PC platforms:
Voice Settings: Remove console voice chat settings for Blended, Headset Only, Speakers Only.
Improved the consistency with which PlayStation and Xbox platform rosters update the online status of platform friends.
Localization
The voice actor for Eris Morn's Italian dialogue has been recast.
General
Season 17 entitlement updates (Seasonal Silver Bundle, Season Pass, The Witch Queen Dungeon Key):
The Witch Queen Dungeon Key (which includes both S17 and S19 dungeons) will immediately be granted to players who own or purchase The Witch Queen Deluxe Edition or upgrade the already-owned copy to Deluxe.
For players who do not own The Witch Queen Deluxe Edition, The Witch Queen Dungeon Key can be purchased a la carte from the Eververse store immediately upon 4.1.0 release, or via the Duality dungeon node or Hawthorne vendor when the dungeon launches.
Scorn sniper damage brought in line with other combatant sniper weapons. Spread of projectiles increased to reduce instances of multiple projectiles hitting players.
Removed veteran player Void 3.0 tutorial.
New Light
New Light Solar 3.0 updates:
New Hunter characters will start with the reworked Solar 3.0 subclass.
New Titan and Warlock characters will start with Void 3.0 subclasses.
Subclasses you have not acquired are available after finishing the A Guardian Rises questline and talking with Ikora Rey during the A Spark of Hope quest.
New Hunter characters will start with Solar subclass abilities intended to be more friendly and appealing to new players. Additional abilities may be unlocked by purchasing them from Ikora in the Tower and completing meditation:
Hunter:
Super Ability: Deadshot Golden Gun (6-shot variant)
Class Ability: Marksman Dodge
Movement Ability: Triple Jump
Charged Melee: Knife Trick
Grenade: Swarm Grenade
Titan:
Super Ability: Hammer of Sol
Class Ability: Towering Barricade
Movement Ability: Strafe Lift
Charged Melee: Hammer Throw
Grenade: Thermite Grenade
Warlock:
Super Ability: Daybreak
Class Ability: Healing Rift
Movement Ability: Burst Glide
Charged Melee: Incinerator Snap
Grenade: Solar Grenade

Destiny 2 Hotfix 4.0.1.3
ACTIVITIES
Guardian Games playlist activities now grant progression towards Deepsight weapons and levels
The Title SMG will now drop from Medallion turn-ins. The higher the Medallion the higher the drop chance.
Drop-rate has been tuned to correct the issue.
Guardian Games Playbook has been disabled from Eva Levante after an unintentional interaction with platform carts.
ABILITIES
Fixed an issue that prevented players from successfully charging a Nova Pulse just after casting the Nova Warp Super.
Fixed an issue where charging a Nova Pulse with low Super energy would not consistently complete the attack.
Fixed an issue where an interaction between Shiver Strike and Glacial Quake could allow players to generate infinite Stasis crystals if combined with the Howl of the Storm Aspect.
Developer note: Shiver Strike will now cost the player's full melee charge immediately on activation. We understand that this is a slight nerf for the time being, and plan to make additional adjustments in the future to address its potency.
GHOST SHELLS
Fixed an issue where the Fettered Shell was not properly taking shaders.
'Radioactive green' is a very fashionable color, though.
REWARDS
The Dark Telemetry emblem now supports the raid metric category.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 4.0.1.2
ACTIVITIES
Vow of the Disciple
Removed class items from Master difficulty reward pool for encounter completions.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 4.0.1.1
Activities
Fixed an issue where killing a Hive Ghost was granting more than one revive token in activities.
Fixed an issue where Grandmaster The Lightblade and Birthplace of the Vile were not contributing to the Total Conquest Triumph.
PvP
Fixed an issue allowing players to exit the play area on Eternity.
Gambit
Fixed an issue where killing the Envoys would not drop the Primevals shield.
Fixed an issue where the Primeval would not appear after banking 100 Motes.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Synthoceps
Fixed an issue where the Biotic Enhancements perk prevented shattering an encased player with an uncharged melee.
Renewal Grasps
While equipped, Renewal Grasps now increases the base cooldown of the Duskfield Grenade from 62s to 152s.
The outgoing damage penalty applied to players affected by a Renewal Grasps Duskfield Grenade has been reduced from 50% to 20%.
Damage unchanged vs. PvE targets.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where The Summoner Auto Rifle on Saint-14s rank reputation rewards is missing a Masterwork.
Abilities
The Offensive Bulwark Void Aspect now grants 60% less bonus grenade energy regeneration in PvP game modes.
Titan Barricades base cooldown when the Bastion Void Aspect is equipped is now 82s, up from 53s.
This matches the recharge rate of Warlock Rift.
Skip Grenade impact damage reduced from 8 to 4. Skip Grenade tracking strength now begins to decrease after 1s, down to 50% strength after 3s .
Axion Bolt base cooldown increased from 91s to 152s.
Whisper of Chains now provides 15% bonus damage resistance against players when near a Stasis crystal, down from 25%.
Unchanged vs. PvE targets.
General
Stability and crash fixes.
Fixed a memory leak contributing to crashes and instability.
Reduced the text chat spam throttle to allow for more messages to be sent by a player before receiving the "You're sending messages too quickly!" message.

Destiny 2 Update 4.0.1
Activities
The Wellspring: Attack:
Fixed an issue that could cause teams to incorrectly wipe on PED difficulty during the ritual disruption phase of Attack if they completed the objective with only a few seconds left on the clock.
Added failsafe to all carry objects in the ritual and boss phases so that they respawn in a reachable location if they are never picked up for 30 seconds. This should unblock the activity if they somehow spawn or fall out of bounds.
Altar of Reflection
Fixed an issue where the Altar of Reflection was not appearing, blocking players from completing Evidence Board Quest: Report: ALTAR-REFLECT
Lost Sectors
Fixed an issue where Rare (blue) engrams were dropping from PED Lost Sector chests
Vow of the Disciple
Fixed an issue where players could bring relics out of the Exhibition area.
Fixed multiple places where players could get out of environment.
Fixed an issue where the Resonant Shard timer would not decrement.
Fixed an issue where the Symmetrical Energy triumph would trigger inconsistently.
Fixed an issue where Rhulk would sometimes not transition back to his initial phase properly.
Fixed an issue where players could have one of Rhulk's weakspots open prematurely by depositing Emanating Force late in the encounter loop.
Fixed an issue where The Caretaker could be permanently stunned before being able to deal damage.
Fixed an issue where players could spread Leeching Force and charge it at the same time.
Fixed an issue where The Caretaker's dynamic health threshold UI would not consistently display for all players.
Throne World (Freeroam):
Fixed an issue where runes could appear before activating deepsight, and couldn't be revealed again if player didn't complete puzzle from the first try.
Fixed an issue where a material node in Miasma bubble was not appearing.
Fixed an issue where players could duplicate the Resonant Charge carry object.
Fixed issue with available lucent executioner not rotating out of Flourescent Canal.
Fixed issue with qualichor pursuit auto-completing reward step.
Gambit:
Fixed an issue where stacking the Primeval Slayer buff also ramped up super recharge to larger than intended rates.
Fixed an issue where players could spawn into maps early by defeating themselves in the ready room.
Fixed an issue where players would see an empty box next to enemy player names when invading.
This should now consistently show the enemy players' class icon
Fixed an issue where placing Titan Barricade through the Allied Invasion Portal could disable said portal.
PsiOps:
Fixed an issue where revives did not award points for scoring.
Fixed an issue where enemies sometimes didn't spawn after entering the Dark Forest area.
Trials of Osiris:
Fixed an issue where Adept Trials weapons were dropping for wins past 7 on a Passage of Confidence without first requiring a Flawless ticket.
Dev note: Funny enough, this is the biproduct of something we've been working on over the last season to improve Adept drop rates post-flawless, as well as help the Flawless pool feel more rewarding... which leads us to the next patch note!
Once players have gone flawless in a given week, they now have a chance of earning Adept Weapon drops on any Trials Ticket that has earned 7 or more wins while the Flawless Pool is active, regardless of loss counts.
This will reset weekly.
UI/UX
Invites
Updated audio and visuals when receiving Fireteam Invites, Bungie Friend Requests, and Clan Invites
Fixed an issue preventing Clan invites from consistently showing a tooltip within the Invite Management section of the Roster
Roster
Updated visuals on Roster nameplates to improve legibility, particularly when a player is using a nameplate with a bright background color
Added a new privacy setting provide more control over who may see your Cross Save-linked identities.
The Share Platform Names setting may be found in the Social Preferences tab on the Roster screen.
Fixed an issue where Player Search would not consistently refresh info for a searched player if they changed various social or investment states, mid-inspect.
Dares of Eternity
Fixed an issue that was preventing the Dares of Eternity header UI from displaying game mode information during the activity intro cinematic.
Fixed an issue that was causing icons in the reputation tooltip to appear squished.
Seals and Triumphs
Fixed an issue that prevented Seals from sheening when a triumph within them was available to claim.
This could lead to situations where a pagination button would show something was ready to claim on another page but no seals would sheen when you changed pages.
Text Chat
Virtual keyboard support is now available for console text chat
Updated text chat messages sent by the Destiny services to be more easily distinguished from Local chat messages
Fixed an issue that could soft lock console players who attempted to send text chat whispers to other players
Whisper chat has been disabled for console players while the team investigated this issue but is now re-enabled and available to all platforms
Inventory
Updated the background color for the number indicator on inventory item stacks that are full
Director
Increased the subtitle opacity on tooltips within the Director to improve legibility
Seasonal Artifact
Increased the opacity of mods within the Artifact screen that are still locked to improve legibility
Miscellaneous
Updated the Sort button UI to be consistent across all screens where it is present
Shifted the Sort button upward to fill the space left by the removal of the Shaders tab alongside The Witch Queen
Sandbox
Weapons
Fixed an issue where the "Eyes of Tomorrow" rocket launcher was not tracking as intended and would sometimes kill the wielder.
Fixed an issue that was causing the "Empirical Evidence" sidearm to be less stable than intended.
This has been updated to be closer in feel to the "Breachlight" sidearm.
Fixed an issue where the "Explosive Personality" grenade launcher was displaying the wrong RPM stat in the crafting screen.
Fixed an issue where the "Adaptive Munitions" perk would no longer increment when the target had a weaken debuff.
The damage bonus from the "Bait and Switch" perk has been increased from 20% to 35%
Fixed an issue where Drifter would always give the Stasis Containment Device from The Stasis Prototype Quest after the quest is complete.
Fixed an issue where "Immovable Object" and "Tilting at Windmills" had unclear descriptions.
Fixed an issue where grounded sword light attacks off an edge can be looped until the player runs out of ammo, letting the player move long distances through the air.
Fixed an issue where the Divinity exotic weapon has two kill tracker columns.
Weapon Crafting
Adjusted Enhanced Chain Reaction and Enhanced Field Prep to provide benefits to more archetypes.
Added an additional Deepsight Resonance extraction option that focuses only on Neutral Element.
Added a consumable item that allows viewing of Element counts. Acquired from the Relic Conduit.
Fixed an issue where the Father's Sins Wellspring Sniper rifle didn't initialize the kill tracker as active on crafting the weapon
Armor
Made adjustments to the physical melee scalar on Wormgod and One-Two Punch to prevent high damage output.
Hopefully this completely removed the ability for Guardians to delete raid bosses in 4 shotgun blasts and two punches, but we'll be watching for the next mega-melt strategy...
Fixed an issue where elemental Siphon mods for helmet head armor cost glimmer to apply for each armor elemental affinity.
Fixed an issue where Osmiomancy Gloves lost a grenade after dying.
Fixed an issue where the activator for Exotic Hunter perk Voltaic Mirror could become perpetually enabled.
Fixed an issue where players could continue to block a few seconds after the Arcstrider Super deactivated while wearing Raiju's Harness.
Fixed an issue where the countdown for the Resist buff perks were not synced with the duration of the Duskfield Grenade.
Fixed an issue where the Shield Throw Void Melee was not giving the Fury Conductor buff for the ACD/0 Feedback Fence Exotic.
Fixed an issue where sidearm mods were not dropping.
Abilities
Fixed an issue where players could cancel Nova Warp's cast sequence and spawn the initial detonation blast without costing Super energy.
 Fixed an issue where Devour would sometimes grant less buff time if multiple targets were killed very rapidly.
Added aim assist targeting to enemy Axion Bolt secondary projectiles to help players hit bolts that are chasing themselves or allies.
Fixed an issue where the "Echo of Instability" fragment was not activated by initial explosions from Void Spike Grenades.
Fixed an issue where players could remain Invisible by timing a Sword attacks with invisibility activations.
Fixed an issue where the Hunter ornament, Nemean Strides, appears twice in the transmog menu when acquired and equipped.
Collections and Customization
General
Fixed an issue where multiple vehicles had missing flavor texts when viewed from their details menu.
Fixed an issue where Prime Gaming entitlements didn't unlock the One of US emblem in Collections.
Fixed an issue where the "Ruinous Clash" shader appeared twice in the appearance customization menu.
Fixed an issue where the "Paragon" Vanguard shader appears twice in the shader customization screen.
Fixed an issue where the seasonal shotgun Reckless Endangerment couldn't be reacquired from Collections after being dismantled.
Clans
General
Fixed issue where players have clan banners going into their postmaster every time they went to orbit
Platforms and Systems
PlayStation 4
Background compatibility files now download at full speed while Destiny 2 is running.
Miscellaneous
General
Several stability and crash fixes.
Fixed an issue where seasonal pursuit weapon ornaments were not available on the exotic archive vendor.
Fixed an issue where Exotic armor purchased from Xur had slightly different stats than advertised.
Fixed an issue where Rahool Destination Material purchase options were not rotating with daily reset.
Updated Vanguard ritual bounties to gate status effect bounties on matching element burn weeks.
Ex: Void bounties should appear when Void is a featured element on the Vanguard Ops playlist.
Fixed an issue where the Seasonal challenge for Scorn strike bosses could be incremented by completing any strike.
Fixed an issue where Vostok and Eternity Crucible maps were not being weighted heavily enough for Season 16.
There is now a tip leading to the Bungie.net/MentalHealth help page.
Localization
French: Fixed an issue where The Flow, The Metal emblems did not have text strings.
Italian: Fixed an issue where Vanguard OPS weekly challenge objective tooltips would overlap.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 4.0.0.6
Gameplay and Investment
Xr
Fixed an issue that was causing Xr to offer Exotic armor with low stat rolls and identical stat allocation.
This fix has caused an issue we are now investigating where the advertised stats on Xr's inventory screen may be slightly different than the item you receive.
It's been a very eventful time for Xr, but he's ready to get back to work. He thanks you for your patience.
Trials of Osiris
Fixed an issue where players were not receiving the expected additional rewards while being in the Flawless pool.
Platforms and Systems
PC
Fixed an issue where some users could experience black screens on Windows 7 and 8.1.
Note: Some players may continue to experience this issue depending on PC specs. If you experience this issue, please report any findings to our Bungie Help forum here.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 4.0.0.5
Activities
The Wellspring: Attack
Fixed an issue where players were able to avoid being pulled into the boss arena during encounter when pressed up against Hive shield barriers.
Fixed an issue where players that joined the activity late would prevent activity barriers from spawning, blocking further Wellspring progression.
Fixed an issue where Wizards and carried objects could be pushed to sink through the middle pillar, soft-locking the instance.
PsiOps Battlegrounds
Fixed an issue in the Cosmodrome that blocked players from picking up Captured Light, blocking further progression.
Trials of Osiris
Fixed an issue where Trials of Osiris Mementos were not dropping when players claimed their first Flawless chest of the week.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Fixed an issue where combatants would remain stun-locked indefinitely when hit with a Glaive melee.
Balance tweaks were made to the Firmly Planted perk on Fusion Rifles.
Effectiveness reduced by 50%.
Glaives will now reach full charge after landing four successful projectile hits.
Armor
Suppressing Glaive now consumes (and requires) 10% weapon energy when applying suppression with the Glaive melee.
Aspects:
Child of the Old Gods is now more likely to reach its intended target, no longer bouncing off its directed path.
We are still proud of the Child, even more than we were last week. Good job, Child.
General
Fixed an issue that prevented stat trackers from counting weekly, Seasonal, and lifetime Vow of the Disciple raid carries.
We are temporarily removing game credits from Destiny 2.
The Director Node will return in a future update.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 4.0.0.4
Activities
Throne World

Fixed a networking issue that could cause the destructible Pyramid Crux object used in many activities to desync state between client and host causing several issues and confusing players.
Fixed an issue where a third Altar could unintentionally be active on the map for a short period.
Gambit

Fixed an issue causing perks in Gambit PvP to use PvE values.
More specifically, Eriana's Vow will no longer one-shot opponents unless they've already taken damage from other sources.
Vow of the Disciple

Fixed an issue where an unintentional symbol could appear where one of Rhulk's attacks met environment geometry.
Fixed an issue where players could earn a lore entry while only standing in front of one of two symbols.
Fixed an issue where players could shoot any symbol to pass the "kill" symbol check for the lore entry.
Fixed an issue where players could disrupt The Caretaker mid-wipe performance.
Fixed an issue where players could complete The Caretaker encounter and the activity would not progress.
Fixed an issue where the Rhulk encounter would be soft locked if players spread Leeching Force as their final deposit occurs.
Fixed an issue where players could leave raid banners up by planting them as the encounter begins.
Fixed an issue where players could earn multiple lore entries by reloading checkpoints.
The Witch Queen Campaign

Fixed an issue where players could circumvent death in Legendary Campaign missions by leaving the fireteam and rejoining.
Players that Join in Progress now require a revive.
Fixed an issue preventing replayable nodes in The Witch Queen campaign from appearing on the Throne World map for a small portion of players.
Fixed the displayed possible rewards for Legend difficulty for The Ghosts to include Ascendant Alloy.
PsiOps Battlegrounds

Fixed an issue where Champions were inconsistently spawning in PsiOps Battlegrounds.
UI/UX
General

Fixed an issue where some items were being highlighted as new incorrectly, which had negative impacts to performance.
Fixed an issue where general game performance could stutter or drop in framerate while character inventory UI was loading.
Investment
Economy

Fixed an issue that was causing Gambit weapon and armor focusing to cost more than expected.
Focusing now costs 10,000 Glimmer and 50 Legendary Shards each.
Rahool's destination materials now are sold for stacks of five for one Legendary Shard, matching Spider's previous exchange rates.
Fixed an issue that was still allowing Weapon Telemetries to drop.
Players can safely delete all Weapon Telemetries from their inventories as they no longer have any use and will not be used in the future.
Fixed an issue where a Vanguard bounty, The Harder They Fall, could only be progressed in strikes.
Fixed an issue where the Omega catalyst boost was rewarding 3x progress instead of 4x.
Fixed an issue where the Legendary Campaign emblem, A Higher Truth, could not be equipped on platforms where the player doesn't own The Witch Queen.
Players who found themselves unable to unlock or acquire a Light subclass should now be able to do so.
Players should find the associated pursuits in their inventory when first entering orbit with space remaining for the associated pursuit.
Fixed an issue where the Ritual of the Season Triumph could be progressed with PvE kills outside of Vanguard playlists.
Fixed an issue where Seasonal quest steps could be blocked if players had reached the Psionic Intel inventory limit.
Fixed an issue where Nightfalls were giving inconsistent reputation bonuses when reaching a platinum score.
Some strikes will now reward additional reputation, while others will reward less.
Weapon Crafting

Increased Element crafting currency caps.
More information can be found in the 3/17/2022 This Week at Bungie blog article.
Fixed an issue where the Sleight of Hand trait perk had incorrect crafting requirements.
Seals

Fixed an issue where the Moments of Triumph 2021 title could not be equipped.
Gameplay
Weapons

Fixed an issue where the Explosive Personality Grenade Launcher was not using the correct RPM stat for wave frames.
Note that the crafting screen will still display the wrong RPM which will be fixed in a future patch.
The actual weapon item will have the correct stat.
Fixed an issue where The Logic ornament for The Lament appeared backwards.
Fixed an issue where The Lament and Worldline Zero were not networking their attacks correctly.
Fixed an issue where a faint box would be visible around the hip-fire reticle when using Osteo Striga or Forerunner.
All Glaives now reach full charge after four successful projectile hits instead of six.
Armor

Fixed an issue where the previous reduction of melee recharge rate for Graviton Forfeit was erroneously applying in PvE activities.
Fixed an issue where the Exotic Titan Helmet, Loreley Splendor, would consume class ability energy upon death without spawning a Sunspot(as in the case of taking enough damage to fully deplete your health while you still have any shields).
Players must first acquire Vow of the Disciple raid mods before they can be applied to armor from that raid.
Fixed an issue where some armor was not appearing on the Appearance Customization screen, even after it had been unlocked with Synthweave.
Fixed an issue where some Rare armor sets could be infused.
Fixed an issue where focusing an Umbral Engram could sometimes give the wrong armor to Warlocks.
Abilities

Boss combatants no longer take additional melee damage while frozen by Stasis.
Sentinel Titan's Bastion barricade now takes 20% increased damage from player sources.
This damage bonus stacks with other sources of anti-emplacement damage like the Hakke Breach Armaments origin trait or Anti-Barrier Rounds.
Targets with Void invisibility active now ping the radar for 0.6 seconds every 3 seconds until invisibility ends. Normal radar visibility rules still apply (i.e., double jumping or sprinting pings the radar).
Note: Now that we've seen feedback and data from the first weekend of Trials in Season 16, we wanted to take a few steps to address a few outliers in the Void 3.0 subclass kits.
These changes are targeted specifically at PvP and don't affect the PvE sandbox.
We believe that some frustration stems from prevalence and will taper off over time as additional subclasses are brought into the 3.0 system, but wanted to address what we can before the next Trials weekend.
As always, we'll be on the lookout for feedback and will adjust where needed.
Fixed an issue where Child of the Old Gods could damage some targets through immunity shields.
While the Child will not be put on time out, it now knows better and has issued heartfelt apologies to all targets that it has damaged through immunity.
We are thankful to have such a good Child, and are proud of them.
Platforms
PC

Fixed an issue where some overlays could cause game crashes.
Includes MSI Afterburner and Razor Cortex.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 4.0.0.3
Activities
The Wellspring: Attack:

Fixed an issue that allowed players to remain safely outside of the boss fight arena during the fight instead of being pulled into the room.
The Wellspring:

Fixed an issue where players were not receiving Wellspring rewards if they haven't picked up any armor from Fynch in the Throne World.
Bad Luck Protection added for weapon drops and Deepsight mods in Wellspring.
Does not apply to regular everyday life, sorry.
Fixed an issue with Wellspring completion rewards that will make it less likely for players to obtain a powerful or pinnacle drop in the same slot multiple times in a row.
Gambit:

Fixed an issue where level advantages were enabled in PvP Gambit.
Gambit repeatable bounty tweaks include:
Weapon kills reduced from 25 to 15.
Grenade and melee kills reduced from 15 to 5.
Super kills reduced from 15 to 10.
Reduced the amount an invader kill heals the Primeval from 27% to 20%.
Altars of Reflection:

Fixed an issue with Altars of Reflection not showing up properly for all characters.
Throne World:

Fixed an issue where players would sometimes get stuck at the entrance of the palace in Florescent Canal when backtracking from the bridge.
AI spawn points have been adjusted after spawn points were skewed, resulting in enemies spawning in the same spot more rapidly than intended.
Fixed an issue with Ikora's Hive Ritual introduction dialogue that played a glitched audio file.
Fixed an issue where Deepsight chests would not appear when intended.
Fixed an issue where targets would not spawn for players to destroy in the Canal Deepsight puzzle.
Players will now be able to respawn properly after being respawned from a "Turn Back" message at the first Savathn fight during the Ritual mission.
Rally flag and spawn points have been adjusted, now located at the top of the stairs.
PsiOps Battlegrounds:

PsiOps Battleground EDZ intel and reward chests will now stay spawned at their intended rate, no longer disintegrating at the 10-second mark.
The second Lucent portal Wizard will now spawn with all proper shields, fixing an issue where players could soft-lock the activity by taking down the Wizard when it spawns unprotected.
Vox Obscura:

Fixed an issue where reward progress wasn't tracking for the Exotic Sparrow in the Vox Obscura mission.
Updated the Triumph description for Old Foes Rise Again to indicate that four weekly messages need to be acquired, one message per week following player confusion over how to complete.
UI/UX
Fixed an issue with player waypoints where gild-able titles earned in previous Seasons, causing them to appear as a number or not at all.
Fixed an issue where various Season 16 and 30th Anniversary items were appearing with incorrect watermarks.
Fixed an issue where the in-game carousel and Seasonal tab Icon for the Hunter Seasonal ornament would display the incorrect cloak.
Players would still receive the intended cloak when purchased.
Fixed an issue where finisher and emote previews were being delayed.
Fixed an issue where the player is unable to interact with sockets for two to four seconds while the screen fully loads.
The addition of new blue banners in-game to help new players learn the game can now be removed from popping up for those that are already familiar with Destiny 2.
Gameplay and Investment
Glaive Mods:

Armor mods for Glaives now drop from world engrams and can now be sold by Ada-1.
Fixed an issue where Glaive armor mods would not appear in Collections.
Armor:

Fixed an issue where Aeon Safe Titan Exotic arms were not showing its familiar gold stripe.
Weapons:

Tracking rockets have been adjusted after being found too dominant against other Guardians when invading in Gambit.
This includes Grand Overture's missiles.
Tracking against AI enemies remains unchanged.
Fixed an issue where the Ikelos SMG received an unintentional 40% damage buff.
Wardcliff Coil Rocket Launcher's damage has been restored to its original parameters following an unintentional buff to its damage.
Fixed an issue regarding Grand Overture's ability to generate more-than-intended ammo when switching Heavy weapons.
Players would gain more ammo than intended when volley was readied and would overflow its magazine when combined with Actium War Rig (for Titans).
Increased Grand Overture's reserve ammunition from 20 to 40, resulting in a max ammo of 60.
Fixed an issue where the Iron Banner weapon special effects would shut off if the Iron Banner origin trait was active.
Fixed an issue where The Logic ornament for The Lament Exotic Sword would appear backwards.
Fixed an issue where the Enhanced Golden Tricorn perk would activate on ranged melee kills.
Weapon Crafting:

Fixed an issue where the "Reshaping Enigma" quest objective could be bypassed.
Fixed an issue where the Enigma Glaive reshaping costs could be overridden.
Reduced end-of-campaign weapon crafting progression for campaign missions on Normal difficulty.
Overflow has been removed from Enhanced Pulse Monitor following unintentionally overflowing the weapon's magazine with seemingly no limit.
Enhanced One-Two Punch now only requires 10-12 pellets to hit a target to proc the melee buff.
Base trait and the Enhanced trait duration have been changed to 1.22s.
Fixed an issue where reforges for the Osteao Striga's catalyst would ask for the full catalyst cost.
Enhanced Ambitious Assassin changed to add a Reload stat.
Fixed an issue where Tier-3 Deepsight chests would only appear once per account.
Fixed an issue where the Refined Qualichor quest wouldn't reappear for Fynch at weekly reset.
Abilities:

Fixed an issue where the standardized Void Weaken debuff was overriding Divinity's custom weakening debuff.
Fixed an issue where Ward of Dawn was granting an unintentional melee damage boost that stacked with Offensive Bulwark.
Reduced melee recharge while invisible and wearing Graviton Forfeit when in PvP activities, including Crucible and Gambit.
Fixed an issue where hitting Deadfall's trap with a throwable grenade or smoke bomb would cause it to disappear.
Seasonal Challenges:

Fixed an issue where the Apex Armorer Seasonal Challenge that requires players to Masterwork any piece of armor would complete when a player changed the element of one of their already-Masterworked armor pieces.
Platforms and Systems
HDR:

Fixed an issue affecting Xbox One X HDR that caused black levels to turn white.
General
Fixed an issue where certain quests were replaced with a placeholder icon.
Fixed an issue where Google Stadia users who own The Witch Queen were shown the Digital Deluxe Edition upgrade option.
Stadia Store does not offer automatic product discounts for expansions like other consoles, players should now see the correct messaging for the Deluxe Edition.
Fixed an issue where players would purchase a weapon from Beyond Light from the Exotic Archive and see a pop-up message for the Deluxe Edition of the previous expansion, which is no longer available.
Fixed an issue causing Gambit weapon and armor focusing to cost more than expected.
Focusing now costs 10,000 Glimmer and 50 Legendary Shards each.
Fixed an issue where the weekly limit for Ascendant Alloy purchases was not resetting at Master Rahool.
Added a one-time purchase of two Ascendant Alloys for the cost of one.
Rahool's destination materials are now sold for stacks of 5 and 1 Legendary Shard, matching Spider's previous exchange rates.
Fixed an issue that allowed Weapon Telemetries to still drop.
Go ahead and delete those from your inventory, no need to hoard what you can't use any more.
Fixed a localization issue where text overlapped in the Seasonal Rank Tool for some languages.
Fixed an issue where the Exotic quest name for the Grand Overture catalyst quest would show up blank after the first step was completed.
Various crash and stability fixes implemented across all platforms.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 4.0.0.2
Activities
Dares of Eternity
Fixed an issue where the activity progress could fail when starting the Lightning Round.
Fixed an issue where scoring UI would not appear in regular Dares of Eternity.
Lost Sectors
Fixed an issue where Legend and Master Lost Sector activities were missing from Bungie.net Game History APIs.
Europa "Sabotaging Salvation"
Fixed an issue that was blocking players from completing this mission.
Throne World
Temporarily disabled Deepsight tier 3 chest that were being opened far more quickly than intended for Throne World vendor reputation gains.
Fixed various holes in the world that were allowing players to get out of the environment.
The Wellspring: Attack
Fixed several issues that caused the back-middle Wizard during the boss fight to sometimes get trapped inside the pedestal below, blocking activity progression.
Public Events
Fixed Arc shield on Heroic Ether Harvest boss to properly react to Arc damage.
Strikes
The Lightblade
The Hive boat now starts up properly even if players try to skip past it to the first hallway section below.
Of Queens and Worms
Fixed an issue where joining late into the quest would not grant progress, blocking the player from acquiring the Parasite Exotic Grenade Launcher.
Campaign
Fixed issue where the Resonant Rune was using a placeholder icon.
Gameplay and Investment
Abilities
Fixed an issue where Titans could generate large amounts of Orbs of Power by rapidly entering and exiting Sparrows while triggering Ward of Dawn bubble.
Fixed the Cataclysm icon size to fit properly in the player HUD.
Weapon Crafting
Fixed an issue where the crafted weapon Triumph counts were not being displayed properly for certain weapon types.
Fixed an issue where Mementos could drop from activities before players had unlocked Weapon Crafting.
Fixed an issue where the Gambit Memento was not dropping for players who have not purchased The Witch Queen.
Updated a crafting material name to now read correctly as Drowned Alloy instead of Drowned Element.
Fixed Enigma crafting perks to use the correct currencies.
Weapons
Grave Robber has been re-enabled for Glaives, after being temporarily disabled due to an ammo generation bug.
Hunter dodge can now cancel out of Glaive melee animations.
Fixed a bug where Funnelweb was displaying incorrect magazine values when comparing perks in the inspection screen.
Fixed an issue where some foundry weapons only have their source origin trait.
Fixed The Ragnhild-D shotgun to display the correct zoom.
Fixed an issue where the Hkke Palmyra-B Rocket Launcher has missing/incorrect stats.
Fixed an issue where the Fortissimo-11 had a higher magazine capacity than intended.
Fixed an issue with the Alacrity perk to prevent it from persisting when the weapon is unequipped.
Fixed issue where Grand the Overture catalyst quest description was swapped with the vendor text.
Fixed an issue where the Fortissimo-11 Shotgun had an incorrect magazine stat (this would only have been visible with magazine-increasing perks or mods).
Adjusted weights on Legendary weapons available on Banshee-44 so that the new world pool weapons have an increased chance of dropping.
Fixed an issue where Glaive melee kills did not count towards Glaive kills in a player's match history.
Fixed an issue where the Outlaw perk appeared twice in the first column for the Crisis Inverted Hand Cannon (second instance has been replaced with Under Pressure).
Armor
Sealed Ahamkara Grasps no longer reload Glaive magazines on dealing projectile damage.
High-stat armor rolls have been added as rewards for Player Elected Difficulty campaign missions.
Fixed description of Voltaic Mirror Exotic perk.
Loreley Splendor Helm will now create a Sunspot when casting a barricade.
It will still grant a Sunspot when critically wounded, but now requires and will consume a charged class ability cool down.
Fixed an issue where the Overload Rounds mod was not disrupting the health regeneration of Overload Champions when recovering from a stun.
Fixed an issue where the reduced damage debuff from the Renewal Grasps Exotic was only briefly applied.
Should now affect enemies for duration they remain in Duskfield Grenade's AoE.
Updated Renewal Grasp's description and Icon.
Fixed an issue where the Virtuous Cloak looked rigid and not free flowing.
Bounties
Made some new Vanguard Void bounties not available during Void burn weeks.
Fixed an issue where Void volatile explosion kills were not counting for objective progress.
Reduced the completion values for some War Table repeatable bounties.
New Light
Fixed issue where the quest Meditate on the Light can remain stuck in the player's quest log if they received it from the postmaster and meditated before retrieving the quest.
Players in this state will now have the stuck quest automatically removed.
Meditate on the Light can now be abandoned and will no longer go to the postmaster if the player's quest inventory is full.
Fixed an issue where the Riding the Storm subclass quest for Titans and Stoking the Flame subclass quest for Hunters were no longer available at Ikora.
Eververse
Fixed an issue where the Phoenix Cradle ornament required ownership of Season 8 to purchase.
Rewards
Fixed an issue where the Seasonal Exotic ship did not have a source to drop from.
Fixed an issue where relative drop chances were not showing properly for Ascendant Alloys in reward previews.
Platforms and Systems
HDR
Fixed an issue where black levels could turn grey or invert due to deprecated calibration settings not being reset for some players.
We are still working on a similar issue affecting HDR on Xbox One X that should be fixed in our next update.
General
Ghost was confused and upside down during the meeting with Caiatl.
Ghost may or may not still be confused, but at least is no longer upside down during the cinematic.
Fixed an issue where players were not able to exchange Synthcord for Synthweave at the Loom.
Increased the cost of pulling weapons and armor from collections to prevent farming Gunsmith reputation.
Rare - 777 Glimmer
Legendary - 1000 Glimmer and 10 Legendary Shards
Exotic - 2500 Glimmer and 20 Legendary Shards
Fixed an issue where the Night's Chill shader was not displaying correctly.
Fixed an issue where some names were not appearing correctly in the Partners section of the game credits.
Various stability and crash fixes.
Localization
Spanish Castilian Drifter and Ghost are fully re-recorded to replace sound-alike actors.
Fixed an incorrect translation for the Quick Access Sling weapon mod in German.
The German description on Sunbracers says melee hits activate the perk instead of melee kills.

Destiny 2 Update 4.0.0.1
Activities
Strikes
The Glassway:
Fixed a rare issue preventing some players from launching the strike directly from the Europa map.
The Disgraced:
Fixed an issue where some players would be stuck behind a gate after they joined an in-progress run of the strike.
The Scarlet Keep:
Fixed an issue where the dialog at the end of the campaign version of Scarlet Keep could be cut off by the end-of-activity timer.
Fixed an issue where players could sometimes be teleported to higher floors of the tower before the elevator reached them.
Warden of Nothing:
The launch node for this strike now appears on the Dreaming City map on the Director.
There are new copies of the Warden of Nothing Triumphs in the Legends Triumphs category. Players who previously earned these Triumphs will have that reflected in their Legacy Triumphs and Triumph score, but they may be earned again in this new spot for additional Triumph points.
Fallen S.A.B.E.R.:
Fixed a spot where players could hide from danger.
Wanted enemies will no longer spawn in Vanguard playlist or direct launch strikes.
Season of the Lost Seasonal modifiers have been removed from the Vanguard playlist Advantage and Disadvantage slots.
Nightfalls
All difficulties of Nightfall now feature the Acute Burn modifier. This burn increases player outgoing damage of the matching element by +25 percent and increases incoming damage from enemies by +50 percent. The burn element is set per strike.
Note: These patch notes have been updated to note that Acute Burn modifiers are included in Grandmaster Nightfalls.
All strike-specific modifiers like Sedia's Durance or Grashk's Bile have been removed.
Seasonal Modifiers are now used for Hero, Legend, and Master difficulty Nightfalls, instead of the Vanguard playlist. These modifiers rotate each week.
Note: These patch notes have been updated to note that Seasonal Modifiers are not currenty intended for Grandmaster Nightfalls strikes.
While they aren't appearing this season, they may be enabled in the future.
Stay tuned for updates.
Three Seasonal Modifiers for Season of the Risen have been added to the game.
The Scorn modifier Festering Rupture has been replaced with Empath for Scorn activities that have rotating modifiers.
Nightfalls now display a modifier with a list of shield types you will encounter, when playing on a difficulty with Match Game.
Dungeons
Fixed an issue where Shadow Thrall in The Shattered Throne were unintentionally granting investment rewards.
Updated Wish-Ender quest to not require Tangled Shore steps.
Raids
Vault of Glass:
Fixed invisible geometry that hinders player traversal to the first secret chest.
Pinnacle reward sources moved to The Witch Queen raid. Vault of Glass rewards set to Powerful.
Gambit
General

Added Freelance: Gambit activity node.
Updated Gambit combatant encounter variants.
The Shriekers rest... for now.
Combatant energy shield resistance increased.
Increased medium Blocker (Phalanx) vitality from 500 to 1000.
Added Stasis attack to the large Blocker (Knight).
Bank locked waypoint now displays from afar and offscreen.
The rules of Gambit are now displayed in an activity modifier on Gambit and Gambit Freelance.
Gambit now has Gambit-specific loading screen hints.
Ammo

Combatants no longer drop ammo bricks by chance.
Ammo finder mods will still function.
Ammo crates now spawn after clearing each front of combatants.
Crates give both Heavy and Special ammo.
High-value targets now drop Heavy ammo bricks on death.
Death and Resurrection

Players now drop half of their held Motes when defeated.
Players can be revived by other players two seconds earlier, and auto-respawn is delayed two seconds.
Added player respawn points to all fronts.
Invasions

One of the Mote phase invasions has been removed.
Invasions now trigger at 40 and 80 Mote thresholds.
Opponent nameplates are hidden when aiming down sights as invader.
Invaders can no longer see opponents' Mote count on their nameplate.
Primeval

Primeval gains an invulnerability shield which is removed upon defeating the Primeval Envoys.
Adjusted Primeval health, healing, and Primeval Slayer stack scaling.
Primeval Slayer stacks no longer affect Primeval Envoys, but Primeval Envoys vitality reduced from 2000 to 1000.
Primeval Envoy and Taken now spawn in the Fronts.
Primeval Servitor variant has been removed from Gambit.
Malfeasance quest will now be granted on any Primeval kill.
Bank drain will continue to increment your team's Mote count even when the opponent team has summoned a Primeval.
Fixes

Fixed an issue where the visual effect for being invaded did not apply to players returning from invasions.
Fixed an issue where invaders would drop Motes when the opponent is already on the Primeval phase.
Deep Six: Fixed an issue with AI combatants' movement and placement behavior.
Fixed an issue that caused miniboss combatants to converge upon the same firing areas.
Crucible
Fixed an issue where the Crucible Submachinist medal was not being awarded.
Fixed an issue with the Unfaltering Glory Triumph win streak not properly resetting.
Added Vostok and Eternity back into Crucible playlists.
Iron Banner
Saladin now displays the Iron Engram in his rank description tooltip, so that players better understand their rewards for ranking up.
Trials
Added small amount of Trials reputation at match-end for every round won that match.
The amount that gets added increases the more ticket wins you have. At the top end, each round won generates 21 Trials reputation. This should speed up Trials reputation gains by around 50 percent on average.
Bonus win from Passage of Ferocity now grants progress towards Saint's 7-win challenge.
Ritual Ranks

Vanguard, Crucible, Gambit, and Trials double ranks weeks, as well as double Nightfall loot, are now advertised on the launch screens of the various activities.
Rank reward engrams from all ritual vendors should now decrypt into equipment closer to your current Power level.
Lost Sectors
Lost in the Strand bounty no longer auto completes after launching Aphelion's Rest Legend Lost Sector after completing it once without the bounty.
Fixed an issue where the description of the Master Difficulty Concealed Void Lost Sector on Europa claimed that all three shield types were present, when there were no Arc shields.
Previously the Legend difficulty version of the Concealed Void Lost Sector on Europa had enemies with all three shield types. The Arc-shielded Captain has been replaced with an elite Vandal on Legend. On Master it was already replaced with an Overload Champion.
Legend and Master Lost Sectors are now the same Lost Sector each day.
When launching Legend and Master Lost Sectors, you now see the normal Director launch screen when you interact with the totem, and you can switch difficulties from that screen.
Master and Legend difficulty now display the information about which shields are present when you pull out your Ghost, with the rest of the activity modifiers.
The bosses of the Excavation Site XII and The Quarry Lost Sectors are now properly set to the Boss type on Legend and Master difficulty. They can no longer be killed with finishers as a result.
Most Lost Sectors now have more intense music when playing on Legend or Master difficulty.
Excavation Site XII: Fixed an issue where the barrier at the entrance in Legend and Master difficulty had a gap and allowed players outside of the Lost Sector.
Veles Labyrinth encounters have been improved to bring this Lost Sector more in line with others.
Fixed an issue in the Scavenger's Den, Excavation Site XII, and The Quarry Lost Sectors on EDZ where bosses names were not showing up.
General Activities
On most activities that feature multiple Champion types, we now display a single combined activity modifier (e.g., Barrier and Unstoppable as a single icon) instead of a separate modifier for each one.
Tooltips for the Champion activity modifiers now include more information on how to acquire and equip anti-Champion armor mods.
Tooltips for the Champion activity modifiers now include Champion icons.
On most activities with Match Game, we now display an activity modifier icon to showcase which enemy shields you will face.
Seasonal Challenges
Fixed Seasonal Challenges so that the current week opens by default during weeks 1-10.
UI/UX
F8 and F12 can no longer be bound to keyboard inputs. Existing bindings to these keys have been removed.
Seasonal Challenges can now be tracked and are visible in Nav Mode.
Subtitles no longer overlap with notifications that appear at the bottom of the player's HUD.
Subtitles have been defaulted to on for all players. Subtitles may be turned off in the settings menu.
Text Chat
Additional platforms now support text chat input via a hardware keyboard.
Stadia
PlayStation 4
PlayStation 5
Xbox One
Xbox Series X|S
Added an option to change the font size of text in text chat.
Known Issues:

IME support is not yet available. The team is working on providing a solution in the near future.
Roster
Updated social preferences settings to include clan-invite preferences.
Enabled player search on Stadia via hardware keyboard.
Director
Prophecy dungeon has been moved to the Legends screen.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Six new permanent armor mods have been added to the game: Kinetic Siphon, Harmonic Siphon, and an equivalent mod for each of the four damage types.
These mods can be socketed into your helmet mod sockets and allow your weapons to generate Orbs of Power (functionality that has been deprecated from weapons).
These mods are automatically unlocked for all players, and work with all weapons of the appropriate damage type.
A suite of permanent armor mods has been added that work with the new Glaive weapon archetype: Glaive Ammo Finder, Glaive Targeting, Glaive Loader, Glaive Dexterity, Glaive Capacity, Unflinching Glaive, Glaive Ammo Scavenger, and Glaive Holster. These mods can be obtained when opening Legendary engrams.
Reduced the cost of changing the energy type of a fully Masterworked piece of armor.
Once Masterworked, Legendary armor can swap between energy types for a cost of 10,000 Glimmer and an Upgrade Module.
Fully Masterworked Exotic armor can swap between energy types for a cost of 20,000 Glimmer and an Upgrade Module.
Fixed an issue where Titans could accidentally trigger the Energy Converter mod while in their Super, consuming all stacks of Charged with Light for no gain.
Fixed an issue where higher-tier damage reduction could be extended when gaining lower-tier damage reduction.
Protective Light's damage reduction reduced to 10 percent.
Well of Tenacity damage reduction increased to 50 percent.
Dev Note: Protective Light was previously too dominant and felt too much like a must-take mod. By swapping the damage reduction values of Protective Light and Well of Tenacity, Protective Light should no longer feel like a mandatory part of every loadout, and players will need to choose between a smaller, but longer-lasting, amount of damage reduction on-demand when wounded (Protective Light) vs. a shorter-duration but stronger amount of damage reduction when picking up Void wells (Well of Tenacity).
Reworked Heart of Inmost Light to be more consistent and readable.
Fixed an issue where Titans who threw Sentinel Shield would lose Charged with Light stacks to recharge abilities that could not recharge mid-Super.
Synthoceps no longer increase the damage of Stasis Crystals while in Super.
Finisher mod rework
Finishers can now always be performed even when using mods that require Super energy.
If the required Super energy is not available, the benefit will not trigger.
Dev Note: With the introduction of Lucent Hive Ghosts and finishers being mechanically necessary to defeat them, the finisher mods have all been updated to behave differently. Now, regardless of which mods you have equipped or how much Super energy you have, you will always be able to perform finishers. If you don't have the requisite energy, or you don't need what the mod would grant, the benefit will not trigger, and you will not have Super energy deducted. For example, if you have the One-Two finisher equipped and you have a full melee and/or less than one-sixth of your Super energy, you will be able to perform the finisher, but you will neither gain melee energy nor be charged Super energy.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where the Zealot's Reward Fusion Rifle could be fired without costing the correct amount of ammo.
Bows with Explosive Head and the Anti-Barrier mod will now detonate on impact with enemies.
Fixed an issue where the Whisper of the Worm ornament, Roar of the Wyrm, had slightly visible holes near the scope.
Global
Kill Trackers
Now visible by default on all weapons that shipped in Forsaken and later.
Exotic weapons from earlier than that will be updated in a later release.
Special Ammo

Players now only drop one Special ammo on death (or equivalent), no matter how much they were carrying (as long they weren't empty).
The maximum you can pick up off a Special brick is one for a Shotgun, Fusion Rifle or Sniper Rifle, or equivalent for other weapons.
Scavenger adds to this as normal.
Quickswap Glitch

Fixed an animation cancel allowing players to use a specific button combination to swap almost instantly.
Inserting mods on Legendary weapons is now free and instantaneous.
Weapon Archetypes
Fusion Rifles

Increased high-impact Fusion Rifle damage per bullet from 62 to 64.
Increased high-impact Fusion Rifle PvE damage bonus from 15 percent to 20 percent.
Breech Grenade Launchers

Reduced blinding and concussion grenade damage by 25 percent.
Rocket Launchers

Scaled damage by subfamily:
Precision: 0.95x
High Impact: 1.0x
Adaptive: 1.05x
Aggressive: 1.05x
Sniper Rifles

Reduced variance in aim assist scaling between low zoom (35 zoom) and high zoom (60 zoom) Sniper Rifles.
Cone scalar increased by ~25 percent on low zoom, reduced by ~9 percent on high zoom.
Pulse Rifles

Increased damage vs minors in PvE by 10 percent.
Exotic Weapons
Exotic Primary Ammo Weapons

Increased damage vs minors in PvE by 40 percent.
Trace Rifles

Increased damage vs minors in PvE by 40 percent.
Chaperone

Reduced passive range buff from 2m to 0.5m.
Duality

Reduced passive range buff in slug mode (i.e. when aiming down sights) from 1.25m to 0.5m (pellet mode is unaffected).
The On Black Wings damage buff no longer clears on reload.
Tarrabah

Now reduces perk progress by half instead of clearing it on weapon stow.
Increased duration increases for damaging a player slightly.
Ruinous Effigy

Increased the damage dealt by guarding with a transmutation sphere by 66 percent (30 percent against players).
Lumina

Increased range stat from 44 to 59.
Increased base stability stat from 46 to 56.
Ager's Scepter

Fixed being able to activate or continue using empowered mode while suppressed or Stasis encased.
Rebuilt the perk. Previously, the perk modified Super charge rate; now it freezes Super recharge and deducts Super directly, fixing several issues with activities that change charge rate and outliers for recharge based on Intellect stat.
Dead Man's Tale

Reduced the catalyst's hip-fire rate of fire from 150 RPM to 130 RPM.
Lorentz Driver and Arbalest

Doubled the amount of flinch received.
Forerunner

Increased ammo picked up from a Special ammo brick from 2 to 3 (or 4 to 5 with a Scavenger mod).
Legendary Weapons
Adjusted weapon stats on some older weapons
Hand Cannons

Updated out of band stats for old 150 RPM Hand Cannons.
Dire Promise: +4 range, +3 stability, -4 aim assist.
Waking Vigil: +6 range, +5 stability, -3 aim assist.
Jack Queen King 3: +3 range, +3 stability, -8 aim assist.
Spare Rations: +4 range, +4 stability, -9 aim assist.
Felwinter's Lie

+15 percent spread angle.
Ikelos SMG

+1 zoom, -5 range, -7 stability, -8 handling, -5 aim assist.
Dev Note: Typically we don't adjust stats on weapons at all post-ship, so we don't intend to do this regularly.
Perks
Hip-fire Grip

Now increases damage falloff start and end distances by 20 percent (except on Shotgun, Sniper Rifle and Fusion Rifle).
Adagio

Increased duration from 5s to 7s.
Increased damage bonus (except for on Bow and Fusion Rifle) from 25 percent to 30 percent.
Now adds +10 range.
Added a timer to the buff text to make it easier to tell when it's going to expire.
Dual Loader

Reduced reload stat penalty from -50 to -35.
Danger Zone

Reduced self-damage scalar for Grenade Launchers. Combined with the other scalars, this ends up reducing self-damage from 1.25x to 0.75x.
Tap the Trigger

On Fusion Rifles only:
Reduced stability bonus from +40 to +10.
Changed max recoil angle scale from 0.5 to 0.875.
Changed error angle scale from 0.9 to 0.975.
Unchanged on all other weapons
Eager Edge

Reduced lunge distance benefit while airborne by 25 percent.
Now caps maximum player airborne velocity (to a fairly high value) while active.
Headseeker

Extended buff duration from 0.17s to 0.3s (will now last for the full burst of an Aggressive Burst Pulse Rifle).
Abilities
Void Subclasses

Reworked to fit Subclass 3.0 system. There are too many individual systemic changes to list here, but the Void subclasses now use the Aspect and Fragment system used by Stasis.
Standardized a set of buffs and debuffs aligned to the Void damage type:
Void Overshield -- You are armored with a protective barrier of Void Light. Reduces damage taken from combatants.
Void Invisibility -- You vanish from sight, and do not appear on enemy radar. Performing offensive actions will end Invisibility.
Devour -- Feast on the energy of your defeated foes. Kills restore you to full health, grant grenade energy, and extend Devour.
Void Weaken -- The target takes increased damage, and has their movement speed slowed. Afflicted combatants have difficulty firing accurately.
Suppression -- The target is taken out of any active abilities, and cannot activate any abilities or movement modes while Suppression persists. Afflicted combatants cannot fire their weapons.
Void Volatile -- The target is afflicted with unstable Void energy, andenergy and will explode upon taking additional damage.
Hovering over Aspects, Fragments, or abilities on the subclass screen now displays a tooltip flyout detailing any relevant status effects.
Some old subclass perks have been deprecated, while others have been rolled into base ability behavior, Fragments or Aspects with some changes to behavior as a result.
All classes now have access to all Void grenades.
Grenades
Vortex Grenade

Now pulls enemies into the lingering damage field on impact.
Linger damage per tick reduced by 20 percent.
Detonation damage vs. players reduced by ~50 percent.
Base cooldown increased from 105s to 121s.
Void Spike Grenade

Base cooldown reduced from 105s to 91s.
Voidwall Grenade

Now more consistently expands to its full length over uneven terrain.
Scatter Grenade

Charged Scatter Grenade seeker lifetime before detonating and seeker tracking strength increased.
Nothing Manacles now inherits the charged grenade projectile directly and benefits from this change.
Base cooldown increased from 105s to 121s.
Suppressor Grenade

Suppression effect now lasts 5s against player targets, down from 10s.
Hunter
Nightstalker
Shadowshot
Split Shadowshot into two separate variants -- Deadfall and Moebius Quiver.
Shadowshot: Deadfall
On impact, Deadfall Shadowshot now pulls nearby enemies into tether range before arming.
Duration of tether mark against players (the red X that is applied to tethered targets) reduced from 30s to 10s. Unchanged vs. PVE combatants.
Base direct impact damage decreased from 250 to 150.
Damage vs. combatants increased to compensate.
This increase varies by type and tier of combatant, but generally is significantly more damage than before.
Moved Deadfall Shadowshot to the tier 4 Super recharger tier (recharges more quickly than previous).
Shadowshot: Moebius Quiver
Each shot now fires a volley of three Void Arrows in a fan that seek to nearby enemies, Suppressing and Weakening them, and making them Volatile.
Two shots per Super; three with Orpheus Rig equipped.
Reduced base direct impact damage per arrow from 250 to 125 and reduced bonus damage vs. tethered targets from 5x to 1.2x.
Increased base damage scalars vs. PVE combatants to compensate, moving much of the tethered target bonus damage back into base impact damage in PVE.
This increase varies by type and tier of combatant, butcombatant but is generally within the same damage profile as the previous Moebius Quiver in terms of total damage.
All Shadowshot variants
Now suppresses the target more quickly and reliably on direct impact.
Slightly lowered the collision size of the Shadowshot projectile to reduce instances where it would get caught on doorframes in close quarters activation.
Player maximum momentum while casting Shadowshot reduced:
In-air speed reduced from 5.5m/s to 3m/s.
Ground speed reduced from 8.5m/s to 5.5m/s.
This should reduce the number of instances of players flying off ofoff cliffs, into boss stomp range, or beyond the edge of the known universe while firing their Shadowshot arrows.
Fixed an issue where Shadowshot arrows would immediately delete when impacting a Barrier Champion's shield.
Deprecated the Corrosive Smoke ability and Heart of the Pack buff behavior.
Snare Bomb
Now the default Nightstalker melee ability.
Now Weakens enemies on detonation.
Radar ping duration reduced to 5s after impact.
Vanish Smoke Bomb
Deprecated as a standalone melee ability.
When the Trapper's Ambush Aspect is equipped, your Snare Bomb will make nearby allies Invisible when it impacts a surface or enemy.
Revenant
Silence and & Squall
Now follows boss or Champion targets if they move out of the Squall area. If the boss or Champion dies, the Squall will attempt to find a new target and move toward them.
Arcstrider
Arc Staff cooldown time increased from tier 3 to tier 2.
Titan
Sentinel
Ward of Dawn
Now a standalone Super in recharge tier 5 (fastest recharge tier).
Weapons of Light outgoing damage bonus reduced from 35 percent to 25 percent.
Ward of Dawn can now take damage from Kinetic weapons.
Now casts much more quickly as a result of being decoupled from the Sentinel Shield activator.
Sentinel Shield
Deprecated small shield block behavior.
Banner Shield is now the new base behavior for Sentinel Shield -- large guard size, generates Orbs of Power on blocking damage, can be shot through by allies, and provides a weapon damage boost for allied players behind the caster while guarding.
Shield Bash
Now grants a Void Overshield on kill.
Deprecated the Tactical Strike and Defensive Strike melee abilities, and the Turn the Tide subclass passive perk.
Added a new ranged melee ability:
Shield Toss - Throw your Sentinel Shield, which ricochets between nearby enemies. Each hit with Shield Toss grants a small amount of Void Overshield.
Sunbreaker
Sunspots
Damage vs. players reduced from 250hp/s to 75 hp/s.
Throwing Hammer
Fixed an issue causing this projectile melee to behave as a physical melee.
Striker
Fists of Havoc cooldown time decreased from tier 1 to tier 2.
Behemoth
Glacial Quake cooldown time decreased from tier 1 to tier 2.
Glacial Quake ground follows (that create the three lines of crystals) now terminate early if they hit an allied Ward of Dawn.
Warlock
Voidwalker
Nova Bomb
Split Nova Bomb into two separate variants: Vortex and Cataclysm.
Nova Bomb: Vortex
On impact, now pulls nearby enemies into the lingering damage field.
Nova Bomb: Cataclysm
Increased travel speed by ~30 percent.
Added a short delay before Nova Bomb seekers spawn to reduce instances of them being caught in the detonation area and destroyed prematurely.
Decreased damage from the caster when shooting your own Nova Bomb.
Previously a scalar increased damage you dealt to your own Nova Bomb by 1000x; this has been reduced to 4x.
This is intended to reduce instances of accidentally destroying your Nova Bomb while in flight after firing it at a boss.
Deprecated the Entropic Pull, Devour, and Atomic Breach melee abilities, and the Dark Matter subclass passive perk.
Added a new ranged melee ability:
Pocket Singularity
Launch an unstable ball of Void energy that detonates when it nears an enemy, pushing targets away from the blast and making them Volatile.
Handheld Supernova
Now makes the target Volatile on hit.
Now accessed via the Chaos Accelerant Aspect when Magnetic Grenade is equipped.
Shadebinder
Winter's Wrath cooldown time decreased from tier 1 to tier 2.
Dawnblade
Daybreak cooldown time increased from tier 2 to tier 1.
Void Aspects
Added:
Hunter:
Trapper's Ambush
Vanishing Step
Stylish Executioner
Titan:
Controlled Demolition
Bastion
Offensive Bulwark
Warlock:
Chaos Accelerant
Feed the Void
Child of the Old Gods
Void Fragments
Added:
Echo of Expulsion
Echo of Provision
Echo of Exchange
Echo of Remnants
Echo of Reprisal
Echo of Undermining
Echo of Persistence
Echo of Leeching
Echo of Domineering
Echo of Dilation
[redacted]
[redacted]
[redacted]
[redacted]
Miscellaneous
Rat King and Assassin's Cowl
Updated to use the new Void Invisibility buff.
Helm of Saint-14
Updated to use the new Void Overshield buff.
Stasis Crystals
Now take 90 percent less damage from PVE combatants.
Power and Progression
The Seasonal Artifact is no longer capped at 12 unlocks. Over the course of the Season, players will be able to continue earning artifact mod unlocks, potentially up to unlocking all 25 artifact mods.
Powerful and Pinnacle gear rewards have moved from Europa to the new destination in The Witch Queen.
Power bands have been updated/increased:
Floor: 1350 (up from 1100)
Soft Cap: 1500 (up from 1270)
Powerful Cap: 1550 (up from 1320)
Hard Cap: 1560 (up from 1330)
(The purchasable character boost has been updated accordingly and will increase your character's Power to the new Soft Cap of 1500.)
Umbral Focusing
After many months of dutiful service, the Prismatic Recaster is removed from the H.E.L.M.
Rahool in the Tower has risen to the challenge and can now decode Umbral engrams.
Gear focusing options for Season Ppass owners will reside on that Season's vendor.
At Season start, players can focus Umbral engrams into Seasonal gear.
Focusing individual weapons and armor pieces will require two things: Having collected that gear piece before and owning the vendor upgrade for weapons or armor.
Bounties and Pursuits
Fixed a rare issue with the Lost Lament Exotic quest, causing which caused players to be stuck with the Broken Blade item from Banshee.
Added daily and repeatable calibration bounties for Glaives.
Added new bounties for Void status effects.
Added Stasis calibration bounty.
Dreaming City bounties have been updated to provide the same XP rewards as other bounties of the same kind (repeatable, daily, or weekly).
Emblems
The Spoils of Ishtar emblem now can now track raid statistics.
Shaders
Fixed an issue allowing duplicate shaders to continue to drop from patrol chests. Looking at you, Powder Blue.
Catalysts
The following catalysts now have a chance to drop when completing Vanguard, Crucible, or Gambit activities:
Hawkmoon
Dead Man's Tale
Ager's Scepter
Outbreak Perfected
Whisper of the Worm
The Fourth Horseman
Season Pass Rewards
High-stat Seasonal armor has been reintroduced.
Individual pieces are awarded between ranks 57 and 87.
Legendary engrams have been replaced with focused Umbral engrams.
Five in total. Each focused to a different armor piece (arms, legs, chest, class, and head).
All Umbral engrams are tier 2.
The Season Pass emblem has been removed, but we have introduced a Season Pass Sparrow.
The Season Pass scrounger bonuses (bonuses which increased Seasonal weapon/armor drop chances in ritual activities) have been overhauled.
The weapon scrounger bonuses are no longer separated by weapon type or ritual activity. They now apply to both Season Pass Legendary weapons and all activities at once.
Two weapon scrounger bonuses instead of six.
The first bonus grants the player a small chance to receive earn the weapons from ritual activities. The second bonus gives an improved chance.
Total drop chance is unchanged from previous Seasons.
The armor scrounger bonuses are no longer separated by ritual activity. It now applies to all activities at once.
One armor scrounger bonus instead of three.
Like the weapon, the total drop chance for each armor piece is unchanged.
Aside from the emblem, no items have been removed from the Season Pass, only added.
A number of rewards such as Glimmer and Legendary Shards have been consolidated to make room for high-stat armor.
A small amount of Upgrade Modules have been added.
The order some rewards are acquired has been tuned to accommodate the above changes.
Platforms and Systems
Windows 10 (and up): Windowed HDR is now supported
To use windowed HDR, players must have the in-game HDR option enabled, and Windows 10 configured to have 'Use HDR' enabled for the specific display:
When playing Destiny in windowed HDR, the game will automatically swap between HDR and SDR if the window moves to a display without HDR support.
All players (SDR or HDR) that use the software OBS on Windows 10 (and up) with Window Capture: Ensure the 'Capture Method' is set to 'Windows Graphics Capture' or capturing will display a black screen. The BitBlt setting will continue to work for previous versions of Windows.
Windows 10 (and up): windowed fullscreen should provide the same (or better) performance compared to exclusive fullscreen.
Under the hood, Destiny now uses DXGI flip model on Windows 10 (and up). More information can be found here. 
Screenshots are now supported when playing in HDR on PC.
Screenshots must be taken using the in-game screenshot feature.
HDR screenshots will be tone-mapped to SDR and saved as lossless PNG files.
Display calibration improvements (all platforms).
Players in HDR will see an updated calibration UI screen to adjust their settings.
HDR calibration settings have been updated with friendlier functionality to accommodate the wide range of HDR display capabilities and viewing environments.
SDR and HDR calibration settings are no longer stored account-wide and old settings have been reset.
Display calibration settings are now stored per-platform: PC, Xbox One, Xbox Series S and X, PS4, PS5, and Stadia.
SDR brightness settings no longer affect the game when playing in HDR.
General
Adjusted the physics knockback for boss stomps. This will should result in fewer deaths from being knocked into an object.
Tangled Shore and the Forsaken campaign have entered the Destiny Content Vault.
More details here.
Removed all Wanted enemies and Silent Fang missions from Nessus and the EDZ.
Petra Venj bounties can now be purchased from the Destiny Companion App without requiring a character to be on the Dreaming City destination.
Some items that were previously sold by the Drifter or dropped from the Primeval Servitor boss in Gambit now have a small chance of dropping upon completion of a Gambit match.
Players above the Soft Cap (1500 Power) will no longer receive Rare (blue) drops from playlist activity completions (Crucible, Gambit, Vanguard).
Players above the Soft Cap will have an increased chance at Legendary weapons and armor drops, or a small amount of Legendary Shards.
Returning players who have no Power weapon equipped will now have a Rocket Launcher granted to them on login. Thank the Light!
In Season 16, Amanda Holliday will now reward a new emblem to players that complete the Twitch Subscription bounties through the Destiny 2 Twitch Extension.
Vendors
Xr now sells Hawkmoon and Dead Man's Tale.
He will offer a unique roll of both weapons each week.
Master Rahool now offers a Material Exchange and will be the source for purchasing Enhancement Prisms and Ascendant Shards.
Banshee-44 and Ada-1 now offer four mods at a time (Increased from two).
Banshee-44 has been updated utilize the new reputation system used by other vendors in the tower such as Shaxx, Zavala, the Drifter, and Saint-14.
Dismantle armor and weapons to earn Gunsmith reputation.
Banshee-44's Daily Bounties now offer a small amount of Gunsmith reputation upon completion.
Gunsmith Materials, Mod Components, Weapon Telemetry, and Pure Matterglass Lens have been depreciated.
Ghost mods that generated Weapon Telemetries have been removed:
Arc Analyzer
Solar Analyzer
Void Analyzer
Omni-Telemetry
Banshee Special
The Drifter now offers weapon and armor focusing.
New Gambit engrams can be spent on focused equipment from the Drifter, or be decrypted by Master Rahool.
Shaw Han
Shaw will no longer offer repeatable bounties to new characters before they have finished A Guardian Rises, saving New Lights valuable Glimmer.
A new Exotic quest, The Queen Beckons, is available from Shaw Han for players who purchase The Witch Queen expansion.
Upon completion, the quest awards the Exotic Auto Rifle, Sweet Business.
The Blast from the Past Exotic quest has been moved to the Variks vendor on Europa.
Ikora Rey
From her overlook in the Tower Bazaar, Ikora will now teach all classes the Void abilities, Aspects, and Fragments they have yet to unlock on their character.
However, easily learning new Void abilities comes with a cost: each new ability learned requires large quantities of reprogrammable matter (Glimmer) and a nearby meditation device to expedite the process.
Returning characters with a Void subclass will have the majority of their abilities unlocked upon character login.
Grenades that were not accessible to a class prior to The Witch Queen launch will still need to be learned from Ikora.
For new characters, Ikora will offer quests to earn their Solar and Arc subclasses once they have reached her step in the A Spark of Hope questline.
New Light
Changes alongside Void 3.0:
All new characters will start with the reworked Void 3.0 subclass regardless of class.
Solar and Arc subclasses may still be unlocked for all classes via quests. These quests are available after finishing the A Guardian Rises questline and talking to Ikora Rey during the A Spark of Hope quest.
New characters will start with Void subclass abilities intended to be more friendly and appealing to new players. Additional abilities may be unlocked by talking to Ikora in the Tower.
Hunter:
Super Ability: Moebius Quiver
Class Ability: Marksman's Dodge
Movement Ability: Triple Jump
Charged Melee: Snare Bomb
Void Grenade: Scatter Grenade
Titan:
Super Ability: Sentinel Shield
Class Ability: Towering Barricade
Movement Ability: Catapult Lift
Charged Melee: Shield Throw
Void Grenade: Magnetic Grenade
Warlock:
Super Ability: Nova Bomb: Vortex
Class Ability: Healing Rift
Movement Ability: Burst Glide
Charged Melee: Pocket Singularity
Void Grenade: Vortex Grenade
New Quest: Learning Light
During the Schism mission, players will acquire a new quest called Learning Light that teaches them more about their subclass abilities.
This quest is only available to new characters and existing characters that have not yet finished the Schism mission in the A Guardian Rises questline.
This quest is not required to complete the A Guardian Rises questline.
A Guardian Rises questline
The second Sacrifice questline step requiring players to purchase a bounty from Shaw Han has been removed.
The Seek and Destroy questline step no longer requires completing a bounty to progress.
The Welcoming Committee questline step, where players meet Ikora for the first time, now has a new VO introduction performance for her character.
A Spark of Hope questline
After completing the first step in the questline, Zavala will now ask players to play the first mission of The Witch Queen campaign instead of Beyond Light.
Cosmodrome destination
A precarious but usable path has been welded together to help New Lights climb from The Divide into the Exodus Garden 2A Lost Sector.
An issue has been resolved where players on the Guardian Rises mission would not see the Ketch fly-by performance in The Divide if another player on that same mission was already present.
Europa destination
Europa has been added to the destination XP-based unlock flow for New Light players.
Localization
Eris for Brazilian Portuguese has been re-recorded to replace soundalike.
Ghost for Mexican Spanish has been re-recorded to replace soundalike.
Ghost and Drifter for Castilian Spanish have been partially re-recorded to replace soundalike.
Will be fully re-recorded in the next update.
Zavala for Mexican Spanish has been re-casted and re-recorded.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.4.0.4
Activities
Dares of Eternity
Fixed an issue causing less Reputation to be rewarded in Dares of Eternity than intended.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Fixed an issue where Hand Cannons would have an empty magazine when first entering into an activity.
Abilities
Fixed an issue where the Frontal Assault buff was not reliably being added to the player if their charged melee killed the target.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.4.0.3
Activities
Dares of Eternity

Fixed a rare crash that could occur during the Crota boss encounter.
Dungeon - Grasp of Avarice

Improved responsiveness of Phryzhia (Ogre boss) becoming vulnerable when the cursed idol buff is activated.
Gambit

Fixed an issue where defeating enemies with a finisher could cause a crash.
Note: The team is continuing to investigate general crashes in Gambit. Please continue to report issues to the #Help forum on Bungie.net.
Crucible

Fixed an issue where invisible geometry could block bullets or movement on some curved surfaces.
Misc.
Weapons

Fixed an issue that was preventing the ability to equip Exotic Ornaments to the Wish-Ender bow.
Abilities

Fixed an issue where Hunter class ability cooldown times would increase if the player's Mobility stat was over 100.
Players may now increase their Mobility to whatever value over 100 that they desire without detriment to their cooldown timers, even if it provides no real benefit.
Seriously, go ahead.
Max that stat out.
We dare you.
Show us how high you can get your Mobility.
General

Reverted a change to Deuteranopia, Protanopia, and Tritanopia Colorblind Modes default colors to address community feedback.
Improved Roster grouping and sorting algorithms to generally improve Roster performance.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.4.0.2
Activities
Crucible
Fixed an issue in Iron Banner and Momentum Control playlists where capturing a zone on certain maps did not reward Super energy and show "zone captured" text.
Iron Banner Freelance node now properly displays the longer respawn time setting.
Dares of Eternity
Lowered recommended Power level to 1100.
Fixed an issue where players could be auto launched into Dares of Eternity before acquiring a Heavy weapon.
Additional physics objects are cleaned up between rounds to prevent crashes during long Dares sessions.
Fixed an issue where rewards level (platinum, etc) would be displayed at the end of the activity in regular difficulty.
Presage Exotic Mission
Fixed an issue preventing players from interacting with datapads within the Presage Exotic mission. Datapads and their connected compartments/chests must be accessed in order as players move through the Glykon.
In addition to this fix, the weekly lockout for earning lore book pages for Presage completions was removed. Players will now earn one lore book page per activity completion without any weekly lockout. This should allow players to finish the lore book in the time remaining before The Witch Queen launches.
Dungeon: Grasp of Avarice
Fixed an area where players can get out of the environment in Sunken Lair.
Added geometry to prevent exploiting an encounter by completing it without engaging its mechanics.
Lost Sectors
Fixed an issue where some of the Champions in the Chamber of Starlight lost sector were not counting towards the total for the purpose of calculating rewards, allowing players to skip them and still achieve platinum.
Public Events
Fixed an issue where public event rally flags would not fully regenerate Super energy for Supers in the longer cooldown tiers.
UI/UX
Updated Deuteranopia, Protanopia, and Tritanopia colorblind modes default colors to make it easier to distinguish between combatant health bars.
Fixed an issue where some emblems were not displaying properly.
Fixed an issue where some emblems were not displaying correct art.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Fixed an issue where Icefall Mantle could be activated immediately after Glacial Guard fell off the Titan.
Weapons
Added guaranteed drops of Dreaming City weapons from completing the Blind Well event.
Fixed an issue where Forerunner's catalyst was missing a description string when viewed in the Exotic catalysts menu.
Fixed an issue where Forerunner would spawn with 11 ammo in pvp when running Sidearm Reserves mods.
Sidearm Reserves mod has now been re-enabled.
Fixed an issue where the Poison Wings Spread ornament for Le Monarque had an arrow permanently nocked when stowed.
Fixed an issue where the Braytech M6 ornament for Forerunner caused the weapon's reticle to shrink when aiming down sights.
Accessories
Fixed an issue where The Gray Hornet Sparrow's left pipe wouldn't fire
Abilities
Fixed an issue where the Shadowshot and Silence and Squall Supers were not in the correct passive cooldown tiers.
Fixed an issue where Shatterdive was costing a melee charge on successfully shattering a Stasis crystal with the landing detonation.
Fixed an issue where Frontal Assault was activating when the player attacked dead objects with a charged melee.
Bounties and Pursuits
Fixed an issue where Weekly Starhorse Bounties could only be completed on one character.
Fixed an issue that could lead to players being unable to obtain the "Magnum Opus II" quest from Xur even after meeting the correct conditions.
General
Fixed an issue where certain Sparrow engine VFX would fail to play.
Fixed an issue where the emblem "The Metal, The Flow" could not be reclaimed in collections if discarded.
Fixed an issue where the item representing the Moments of Triumph T-shirt could never be discarded.
Players who previously completed the Twitch Gift Subscriptions Bounty and did not receive the Watcher's Shade shader can now claim it from Amanda Holliday in the Tower.
The emblem Dreissigste, which is earned by completing Twitch Gift Subscription Bounties, now appears in Collections for players who have unlocked it.
Fixed issue causing the perks on Banshee-44's Legendary weapons to reroll on Wednesdays after the weekly reset.
Wicked Overgrowth shader now displays properly in collections when acquired.
Fixed an issue on the Roster that could cause Destiny 2 to close in circumstances where many friends or clan mates cycled online states in a short window of time.
The fix for this issue may introduce a minor performance hit for players with many friends or clan mates. The team is already working on a fix to improve this performance hit.

Destiny Update 3.4.0.1
Activities
Trials of Osiris
Fixed an issue where players were not placed into the Flawless matchmaking pool upon achieving a Flawless passage.
Grasp of Avarice
Fixed an issue where Grisprax's faction icon would not appear.
Fixed reward lockouts so each encounter can be looted for rerolls an unlimited amount of times per week, as intended. New items from the loot pool and Power are gated to once per week, per class.
Fixed activity crash in Sunken Lair encounter when killing Servitors.
Prevented bad bread-crumbing causing players to get stuck in crystal pit after dropping down from the Loot Cave.
Players can no longer continue to generate cursed engrams during DPS.
Fixed issue with Servitor bombs sometimes disappearing without explosion VFX when the timer runs out.
Fixed falsely advertised Weekly challenge pinnacle reward displayed when switching between classes and creating new characters.
Fixed combatants that did not despawn in Ogre and Loot Cave encounters.
Fixed Teammates not able to be revived if killed by trap on starting platform of the Sparrow section
Updated pathfinding to prevent Cursed engrams dropped by the Reaver Vandal from falling into a pit.
Dares of Eternity
Fixed an issue where damage to Aspects of Crota would sometimes not ramp up in line with the Team Buff counter.
Fixed an issue that allowed vex craniums to damage other players.
Strikes
Lake of Shadows
To bring this boss encounter more in line with other strikes and our modern sandbox gameplay, Grask's health has been increased by 34%, to a total of 134% of the previous value. He might last at least a minute or two against most fireteams now, even against 'ol Gally.
Fixed an issue where if a player destroyed the second and third Blights before the first one, a number of combatants wouldn't spawn. In addition to their normal behavior, they now also spawn if you attempt to move up the alley, regardless of the status of the Blights.
The Scarlet Keep
Fixed an issue where the crystal to continue the strike was permanently invincible if players got to the Wizard at the first stop of the elevator and killed it before the crystal could spawn.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Added guaranteed drops of Dreaming City weapons from completing the Blind Well event.
Fixed issue with Wish-Ender Exotic Bow that blocked ornament application.
Abilities
Hunter's Marksman and Gambler's Dodges now break projectile tracking in PVE modes.
Fixed an issue where Stasis Crystals were damaging themselves while spawning.
Fixed an issue where Magnetic and Flux Grenades were deleting themselves when impacting allies. Now attach to allies on impact.
Fixed an issue where uncharged melee attacks were being suppressed for 1.5 seconds after the Winter's Wrath super ended.
Increased size of the area that Coldsnap Grenade uses to find its initial target from 10m to 20m.
Fixed an issue where Penumbral Blast was not reliably creating Iceflare Bolts if the impact or detonation damage killed the target outright.
Bounties and Pursuits
Changed the Champion kills objective of the Stasis Fragment quest Umbral Flames to require Champion kills as a Stasis Subclassrather than Champion kills with the Stasis element.
Players who discard the Xenology quest per character will once again be able to re-acquire it from Xr.
Rewards
Fixed an issue causing players to be able to claim the Resplendent Reward Package from Xr multiple times and across multiple characters.
Players who own the 30th Anniversary Pack will now earn the Resplendent Reward Package the first time they complete To the Daring Go the Spoils, and the package can't be claimed from Xr prior to being earned from the quest.
Players who purchase the 30th Anniversary Pack after completing the onramp can obtain the package from Xr in Eternity.
Players can now reclaim the class-specific Streetwear Bundle packages if they get sent to the Postmaster where they can potentially be deleted if the Postmaster becomes full. These packages can be reclaimed from Xr in Eternity if the Resplendent Reward Package has been claimed but the Streetwear Bundle package is not currently in the player's inventory.
Players can now reclaim the Strange Key from Xr in Eternity if they dismantle it before using it as part of the Magnum Opus quest. The Strange Key can be reclaimed by players who have already obtained it naturally and dismantled it as long as they are on an appropriate step of the quest.
Fixed an issue allowing players to earn rewards from the free chest in Xr's Treasure Hoard without a Treasure Key.
General
Fixed a bug in text chat where multiple clan messages could be received all at once after re-enabling text chat.
Forsaken Ciphers
Exchanging Forsaken Ciphers for Ascendant Shards on the Monument to Lost Lights is now only available after players have already acquired dungeon Forsaken Exotics.
The Monument to Lost Lights now displays a waypoint if players have Forsaken Ciphers to pick up.
Exchanging Forsaken Ciphers for Ascendant Shards now has a four second purchase timer, to prevent accidental purchases. Buyer's remorse in my holiday season? It's more likely than you think.

Destiny 2 Update 3.4.0
Activities
CRUCIBLE
Currency rewards lockout at three, five, and seven wins no longer clear on ticket resets.
Added a playlist tooltip to indicate that Cross Play must be enabled to access Trials.
Trials passages now display a warning message if the player account owns a seven-win ticket.
Added Third Person Camera Restricted tooltip and load screen hint to Trials, Elimination, and Showdown.
Fixed an issue that prevented the Dead Cliffs map from loading correctly in Glory playlists.
Removed Anomaly and The Dead Cliffs from Momentum Control rotation.
Fixed missing string for Legendary Valor Triumph and corrected number of times that it requires reaching the Crucible Rank of "Legend."
Crucible bounties for zone capture now apply to all Crucible modes.
Rusted Lands: Fixed an issue where dynamic objects, like barrels or bricks with physics and hive exploding objects, were missing from this map.
LOST SECTORS
Improvements:
Adjusted the music in Legend and Master Lost Sectors to scale as lives and time begin to run out.
The "Darkness Zone" tendrils and sound will now play when players run out of revives in Legend and Master Lost Sectors, and in Grandmaster Nightfalls.
Players will now see a "No Revives Remaining" warning when out of revives in Legend and Master Lost Sectors, or in Grandmaster Nightfalls.
Players will no longer see "Revives: +0" when defeating Champions after the time limits have passed in Legend and Master Lost Sectors, or in Grandmaster Nightfalls.
Fixes:
Fixed an issue where the post-game completion screen for Legend and Master Lost Sectors didn't show any stats.
The Empty Tank Lost Sector on Tangled Shore now rewards the correct Exotics gear, in line with the other Lost Sectors' reward rotation.
Excavation Site XII: Fixed an issue where the barrier at the entrance in Legend and Master difficulty had a gap that allowed players to go outside of the Lost Sector. This Lost Sector will enter active rotation again in a future season.
Added an energy barrier to the Scavenger's Den Lost Sector on EDZ, when playing on Legend or Master difficulty, to prevent skipping most of the encounters in the Lost Sector. This Lost Sector will enter active rotation again in a future season.
STRIKES
The Corrupted:
To reduce the overall length of the strike and make it less painful after hard wipes in the elevator encounter, we have removed the Taken combatants in the dark Ascendant Plane hallway leading up to the elevator.
If a fireteam hard wipes during the final phase of the boss fight in the Ascendant Realm, when they respawn, the portal to the Ascendant Realm will take them straight to Phase 2, instead of making them replay the platforming section between Phase 1 and Phase 2.
When a fireteam arrives at the platforming area before the boss fight in The Adytum, any fireteam members or Ghosts left behind in earlier parts of the strike will now be teleported forward to join their fireteam.
When players begin the elevator encounter, any straggler players or their Ghosts will be pulled forward to join their fireteam.
Fixed an issue where Sedia's shields would regenerate faster than expected on Nightfall difficulties. Her shields now regenerate based on health threshold in Nightfalls, just like they do in Direct Launch or the Vanguard playlist.
The portal to the Ascendant Realm after Phase 1 of the boss fight should now reliably place players facing the correct direction.
Fixed an issue that was preventing the combatants from walking to part of the right-side area during the first half of the boss-fight. Psions should now spread out a little bit more on that right platform.
Fixed an issue where a Taken Acolyte would spawn within the floating platform area before the boss fight, and immediately fall to its death before ever really getting to live.
Fixed an issue where, in certain conditions, the relic would despawn and never respawn during the boss phase.
Fixed a cosmetic issue where the relic spawners during the boss phase would spin before the relic was spawned.
The Inverted Spire:
Fixed an issue where a player's Ghost would appear too far back in the strike upon death near the drill area. The Ghosts now appear at set safe locations in the drill area.
The Scarlet Keep:
Fixed an issue where the crystal to continue the strike would be permanently invincible if players got to the wizard at the first stop of the elevator and killed it before the crystal could spawn.
Strikes: Fixed an issue where the catchup version of Grandmaster Hollowed Lair had different modifiers than the weekly featured version.
FREEROAM
Fixed an issue where a wall of Taken miasma could appear in a doorway in Rheasilvia during Freeroam, when it shouldn't be there.
RAIDS
Fixed an issue in the Last Wish raid that for some fireteams caused the final encounter to not start properly, causing unavoidable failure.
Queenswalk Escape: When players picked up Riven's Heart, there was an issue where the encounter wouldn't start, resulting in no enemies spawning and immediate teleportation into the inside of the Heart.
UI/UX
TEXT CHAT
Players on Xbox, PlayStation, and Stadia platforms can now opt into seeing text chat messages within various chat channels.
Updated terminology for text chat settings on these platforms to reflect functionality available.
Expanded Whisper chat settings for all platforms.
Added increased granularity to filter who may send you Whisper chat messages.
Added the option to remap the "Show / Hide Text Chat" button on PC.
This is mapped to the L key by default but the option to remap this was not exposed.
Settings > Text Chat > Keybindings > UI > CUI option was removed for binding a keyboard button to Show / Hide Text Chat.
Fixed an issue that was preventing use of Korean IME input on Windows.
STASIS VENDOR
Fixed an issue where Stasis Aspect quests were not consistently shown on the Stasis vendor until after the player has acquired their second Stasis Aspect.
Additional text has been added to locked quests describing how to unlock each, respectively.
STASIS SUBCLASS SCREEN
Fixed various issues where the pips for Aspects and Fragments would sometimes show an inaccurate counter.
The pips counter displays based on the page of the socket trays last inspected.
The pips under the socket slots display counts the empty socket.
In the Stasis subclass screen, the number of pips for aspects and fragments is one less than the total.
BOOTFLOW
Cross Save Information Screen
Updated the visuals for the Cross Save screen to align with the style of the Cross Play screen introduced with the launch of Cross Play in Season 15.
Windows Store Settings Screen
Updated the Settings screen to allow new players on Windows Store to set text chat preferences to match those available to new players on Steam.
ROSTER
Fixed an issue on PC platforms where players could experience FPS drops in various situations where the Roster was updating more often than intended.
The largest FPS drops were seen in the Roster, Tower, and while in Orbit.
Fixed an issue where max-length Bungie Names could wrap onto a second line and obscure other UI elements in some Roster tooltips.
Reduced the width of the friction area on the Social Preferences tab when using a controller.
Fixed an issue where Roster contacts could appear as blank entries while waiting for all relevant data to load before showing any content.
Updated the icon for Social Preferences set to "Public" to distinguish the setting from the "Joinable Fireteam" icon to avoid confusion.
Fixed an issue where a player could appear Offline but also showed as joinable in some cases.
Fixed an issue where players may not receive an error notification if they accept a fireteam invite but fail to join successfully.
Sending a fireteam Invite then setting Social Preferences to Closed will result in no error message pop-up when a player accepts the fireteam invite.
Fixed an issue where the "Invite to Fireteam" button was hidden if the local fireteam privacy was set to "Closed."
Fixed an issue where pending invites from offline players could show a circle icon when the platform is unknown.
Fixed an issue where blocked players did not consistently appear with a blocked icon on Roster screens.
Fixed an issue on Steam where some platform icons could default to a generic platform icon, most notably with Steam not showing a PlayStation player's icon.
Updated text on Windows Store for various tooltips where terminology was overly generic.
GAMEPLAY
ARMOR
FROST-EE5
In PvP game modes, ability-energy gain is no longer generative with other energy-regeneration boosts.
Heart of Inmost Light
Using abilities more consistently now stacks the empowerment buff.
Buff text now displays which ability is empowered and how many stacks of empowerment it has.
In PvP game modes, reduced buff duration and ability-regeneration rate by ~50%.
Contraverse Hold
Ability-regeneration boost now always lasts for 1.75s.
Previously, the boost would range between 1s and 4s.
Previous average duration was 1.35s due to weighting.
In PvP game modes, reduced grenade-energy gain by 50%.
Doomfang Pauldrons
In PvP game modes, reduced Super-energy gain by 50%.
Shinobu's Vow
In PvP game modes, reduced grenade-energy gain per hit by 66%.
Chromatic Fire now works with Stasis subclasses as intended.
Crown of Tempests
In PvP game modes, reduced energy-regeneration boost duration from 7s to 4s.
The Stag
In PvP game modes, reduced class-ability energy gain by 50%.
Icefall Mantle
Stasis overshield can now be cancelled by pressing the class-ability input again.
Dunemarchers
Once a player is hit by a Dunemarchers lightning chain, they cannot be hit again by Dunemarchers for 2s.
Dunemarchers lightning now only chains on targets that are alive.
Armor Mods
Can now be applied instantaneously with a button press. Removed all Glimmer costs for socketing armor mods.
Melee Kickstart
In PvP game modes, reduced melee-energy gain by 50%.
Grenade Kickstart
In PvP game modes, reduced grenade-energy gain by 50%.
Utility Kickstart
In PvP game modes, reduced class-ability-energy gain by 50%.
Bolstering Detonation
In PvP game modes, reduced class-ability-energy gain by 50%.
Focusing Strike
In PvP game modes, reduced class-ability-energy gain by 50%.
Perpetuation
In PvP game modes, reduced class-ability-energy gain by ~25%.
Change varies slightly based on how many copies of the mod you have equipped.
Bomber
In PvP game modes, reduced grenade-energy gain by ~45%.
Outreach
In PvP game modes, reduced melee-energy gain by ~45%.
Dynamo
In PvP game modes, reduced super-energy gain by ~45%.
Distribution
In PvP game modes, reduced energy gain by ~45%.
Momentum Transfer
In PvP game modes, reduced melee-energy gain by 50%.
Impact Induction
In PvP game modes, reduced grenade-energy gain by 50%.
WEAPONS
Archetypes

Shotgun
Reduced Slug Shotgun PvE damage bonus from 30% to 20%.
Gave Pellet Shotguns a 10% PvE damage bonus.
Linear Fusion Rifle
Increased PvE damage by 10%.
Caster Sword
Reduced Heavy attack ammo cost from 8 to 5.
Bows
Increased damage vs minors by ~10%.
Sidearms
Increased Sidearm projectile speed from 999 to 9999 (which makes them hitscan regardless of framerate).
Exotics

Vex Mythoclast
Reduced Aim Assist stat by 25.
Reduced the Linear Fusion Rifle mode Aim Assist Cone scalar from 1.1 to 1.05.
Now requires three player kills for full Overcharge instead of two.
Fighting Lion
Removed the multi-hit requirement (i.e. dealing any damage will grant the buff).
Increased the buff to the reload stat from +50 to +70.
Reload will still be slow if you miss, but if you land any damage Fighting Lion will reload faster than it did before the nerf.
Increased the buff duration to 7s.
Arbalest
Now has intrinsic anti-barrier.
Sleeper Simulant
Increased magazine size from 3 to 4, increased PvE damage by 6%.
Suros Regime
Dual Speed Receiver mode now grants the following in addition to its current effects: +30 range, +3 zoom.,
Cryosthesia 77K
Removed "variable trigger" completely, now fires on trigger press instead of release (this will make it feel much more responsive).,
Charged shot moved to special reload. Getting a kill with the Sidearm enables access to the special reload.
Once the charged shot is fired, the weapon reverts to standard Sidearm fire.
This does NOT cost your entire magazine.,
Charged shot now deals an AOE which freezes AI and slows players (direct hits still freeze).,
Leviathan's Breath
The catalyst now grants the Archer's Tempo perk in addition to its other effects.
Whisper of the Worm
Reduced delay on activating Whispered Breathing from the catalyst from 2.1s to 1.2s.
White Nail magazine refill changed, was three from inventory now pulls two from inventory, one from thin air.
Increased damage in PvE by 10%.
D.A.R.C.I.
Reduced flinch, recoil, and bloom by 50% while Personal Assistant is active.
Personal Assistant now has a 1s delay before deactivating when off target (was instant).
Increase damage in PvE by 20%.
Malfeasance
Increased explosion damage by 50%.
Dead Man's Tale
Improved consistency in hip fire with the catalyst: increased reticle friction falloff distance, less recoil, improved accuracy.
Heir Apparent catalyst
Reduced damage resistance against players from 75% to 25%.
Lorentz Driver:
Telemetry patterns no longer reward ability energy.
Perks

Adrenaline Junkie
Kills can add single damage stacks or extend existing ones.
Grenade kills boost the stacks immediately to x5.
Lowered the duration to compensate for weapon activation.
Vorpal Weapon
Now 10% on Heavy weapons, 15% on Special, 20% on Primary, whereas it used to be 15% across the board.
No change to damage vs players in Super.
Whirlwind Blade
Increased number of stacks needed to hit maximum damage from five to ten.
Pulse Monitor
Changed health threshold from 90% health, any shield to any health, 30% shield.
Mods

Quick Access Sling
Functionality changed:
Was: +100 handling, 0.9 ready/stow/aim down sights time for 0.4s after running out of ammo.
Now: 0.9 ready/stow time all the time.
This change also applies to the "Swap Mag" perk, as they use the same perk behind the scenes.
Full Auto Retrofit weapon mod
Added a "Full Auto Retrofit" weapon mod that enables full auto while the trigger is held, usable on Legendary Hand Cannons, Sidearms, Scout Rifles and Pulse Rifles.
This is unlocked by default for all players.
Fixes

Restored missing flavor text to reissued Dungeon weapons.
Fixed an issue where Telesto's bolts would sometimes persist after detonating, allowing them to detonate again. This is the last we will be hearing about Telesto for sure.
Fixed an issue where the Hothead Rocket Launcher had no UI tell for a target lock when it has the "tracking module" perk.
Fixed an issue where the Dreaded Venture and Bite of the Fox Sniper Rifles muzzle flashes were obscuring more of the screen than intended.
Fixed an issue where Ager's Scepter's empowered mode wouldn't deactivate when tethered.
Fixed an issue where, after using their Super, a player could keep using Ager's Scepter's special reload indefinitely.
Fixed an issue where the Uzume RR4 Sniper Rifle scope would flash white when firing.
Fixed an issue where Vulpecula would show incorrect up/down arrows when comparing magazine perks.
Adjusted the scope settings for D.A.R.C.I.'s "Mind Of Its Own" ornament so that its flinch and recoil behavior match that of D.A.R.C.I. and its other ornaments.
ABILITIES
VARIABLE ABILITY COOLDOWNS
The cooldown time for grenade, melee, class, and super abilities now varies based on the power output of the ability.
Note: Previously, all abilities in these categories generally shared the same cooldown time.
Note: All ability cooldown times listed in these patch notes use the base cooldown time, which is the cooldown time at tier 3 of the relevant armor stat (STR, DISC, etc).
The cooldown times for these abilities are now listed on the subclass screen under the ability description.
SUPERS
Reworked how Super energy is generated.
Super energy is now primarily generated by dealing and taking damage.
Super energy regen amount varies based on target type and damage source.
Reduced Super gain on kills, assists, and objective captures.
Reduced passive Super-energy regeneration speed.
Super regen speed now varies per Super
Tier 5 (fastest regen)
Well of Radiance
Tier 4
Blade Barrage
Silence and Squall
Tier 3
Shadowshot
Burning Maul
Arc Staff
Nova Bomb
Thundercrash
Tier 2
Golden Gun
Chaos Reach
Nova Warp
Stormtrance
Daybreak
Sentinel Shield
Tier 1 (slowest regen)
Spectral Blades
Fist of Havoc
Hammer of Sol
Glacial Quake
Winter's Wrath
STASIS
Stasis crystals
While forming, Stasis crystals now slow nearby players instead of freezing them.
They still freeze PvE combatants while forming.
Increased slow/freeze radius while forming from 1.75m to 2.6m.
Reduced crystal-formation damage from 20 to 10.
Reduced crystal detonation damage vs players by ~55%.
Increased crystal detonation damage vs. PvE combatants by ~60%.
Increased crystal detonation radius from 6m to 8m.
Whisper of Shards
Reduced grenade regeneration in PvP game modes by 50%.
Whisper of Chains
Increased damage reduction vs. PvE combatants from 25% to 40%.
Whisper of Fissures
Reduced max damage vs. players from 29 to 8.
Reduced detonation radius in PvP game modes from 9m to 8m.
Whisper of Rending
Increased Kinetic-weapon damage vs. Stasis crystals by 100%.
Frozen status effect
Fixed an issue where frozen players could still interact with objects and revive players.
TITAN
Shoulder Charge Abilities: Seismic Strike, Hammer Strike, Shield Bash
Sprint activation time reduced from 1.5s to 1.25s.
Increased targeting range from 5.5m to 6.8m.
Lunge range increased from 5.5m to 6.8m.
Targeting-cone width increased by ~10%.
Now suppresses victim's melee lunge for 1s on hit.
Increased damage vs. PVE combatants by 25%.
Reduced damage vs. players (no longer guaranteed one-shot kill).
Towering Barricade
Increased cooldown from 37s to 40s.
Rally Barricade
Reduced cooldown 37s to 32s.
Top-Tree Sunbreaker
Hammer Strike melee
Reduced direct impact damage from 170 to 120.
Increased cooldown duration from 82s to 90s.
Middle-Tree Sunbreaker
Burning Maul Super
Heavy slam can now be aimed until hammer impacts the ground.
Note: Previously, aim direction was locked as soon as slam animation started.
Hammer Throw melee
Increased cooldown from 82s to 90s.
Increased knockback vs. some heavier combatants.
Roaring Flames
Reduced the bonus to ability damage when Roaring Flames and Wormgod Caress Exotic perk are active.
Top-Tree Striker
Aftershocks
Scaled energy gains by tier of the hit target.
Now grants 10% grenade energy for the primary player target and 5% additional grenade energy for secondary player targets in the AOE detonation.
Note: Previously granted 20% grenade energy for each target hit.
Seismic Strike melee
Reduced AOE damage from 90 to 40.
Now blinds enemies in the area on hit.
Increased cooldown from 82s to 90s.
Middle-Tree Striker
Thundercrash Super
Slightly increased how much you're forced downward during flight.
Inertia Override
Reduced melee energy gain in PvP from 20% to 10%.
Ballistic Slam melee
Increased cooldown from 82s to 90s.
Fixed an issue where destroying projectiles would generate Super energy.
Bottom-Tree Striker
Knockout
Melee lunge range and melee damage bonus now deactivate after a melee kill.
Trample
Super energy gain from Fist of Havoc light attack decays to minimum increase over three PvP kills (down from seven).
Frontal Assault melee
Increased cooldown from 82 to 106s.
Fist of Havoc
Heavy slam radius reduced from 8m to 6m (bottom-tree only).
Top-Tree Sentinel
Defensive Strike melee
Increased cooldown from 82s to 90s.
Ward of Dawn super
Now takes 50% less damage from Stormtrance Landfall.
Reduced the amount of Super energy provided by Ward of Dawn Orbs of Power.
Middle-Tree Sentinel
Tactical Strike melee
Increased cooldown from 82s to 90s.
Bottom-Tree Sentinel
Shield Bash melee
Increased cooldown from 82s to 90s.
Reduced AoE damage from 90 to 40.
Behemoth
Diamond Lance
Increased fragment slot allowance from one to three.
Now spawns a Diamond Lance upon:
Killing PvE combatants with Stasis Weapons.
Killing three players with Stasis weapons without dying.
Killing an enemy with a Stasis ability.
Shattering an enemy.
Shiver Strike
Increased Shiver Strike damage while in Glacial Quake by 50%.
Howl of the Storm
Extended freeze-cone length to compensate for crystals no longer freezing on creation.
HUNTER
Marksman's Dodge
Refactored cooldown benefit per tier of Mobility stat.
Tier 10 Mobility cooldown increased from 11s to 14s.
Base cooldown unchanged at 29s.
No longer breaks projectile tracking.
Gambler's Dodge
Refactored cooldown benefit per tier of Mobility stat.
Tier 10 Mobility cooldown increased from 11s to 18s.
Base cooldown duration from 29s to 38s.
No longer breaks projectile tracking
Top-Tree Gunslinger
Proximity Explosive Knife melee
Increased cooldown from 96s to 100s.
Fixed an issue where melee cooldown time was longer when melee-energy was fully charged (all throwing knives).
Middle-Tree Gunslinger
Knife Trick melee
Reduced cooldown from 96s to 82s.
Bottom-Tree Gunslinger
Weighted Throwing Knife melee
Increased cooldown from 96s to 109s.
Practice Makes Perfect
Reduced duration in PvP game modes from 3s to 2s.
Top-Tree Arcstrider
Combination Blow melee
Reduced cooldown duration from 96s to 15s.
Middle-Tree Arcstrider
Tempest Strike melee
Detonation height increased from 2.5s to 3m.
Increased tolerance for traveling over uneven ground.
Increased cooldown from 96s to 100s.
Bottom-Tree Arcstrider
Disorienting Blow melee
Increased cooldown from 96s to 100s.
Top-Tree Nightstalker
Snare Bomb melee
Reduced cooldown from 96s to 90s.
Middle-Tree Nightstalker
Corrosive Smoke melee
Reduced cooldown from 96s to 90s.
Bottom-Tree Nightstalker
Vanish in Smoke melee
Reduced cooldown from 96s to 75s.
Revenant
Grim Harvest Aspect
Increased fragment slots from two to three.
Shatterdive
Increased damage vs. frozen PvE combatants by 100%.
Note: Is much less lethal vs. players due to Stasis crystal changes.
Withering Blade
Increased cooldown from 95s to 113s.
WARLOCK
Uncharged Melee
Reduced melee range from 5.5m to 4.5m (now matches Hunter and Titan).
Reduced suppression time after melee (can now melee back-to-back at the same speed as Hunter and Titan).
Top-Tree Dawnblade
Celestial Fire melee
Increased cooldown from 82s to 100s.
Middle-Tree Dawnblade
Guiding Flame melee
Increased cooldown from 82s to 90s.
Benevolent Dawn
Reduced buff duration by 50% in PvP game modes.
Well of Radiance
Reduced the amount of Super energy provided by Well of Radiance Orbs of Power.
Well of Radiance Sword can now by slowed/frozen by Duskfield Grenades and other slow volumes.
Guardians can not be frozen
Bottom-Tree Dawnblade
Igniting Touch
Increased melee cooldown from 82s to 90s.
Detonations from Solar ability kills and burn kills now chain more consistently.
Everlasting Flames
Super-energy gain now drops to minimum amount after four kills instead of seven kills in PvP game modes.
Phoenix Dive
Fixed an issue where movement abilities were suppressed for 2.5s after Phoenix Diving.
Top-Tree Stormcaller
Arc Web melee
Reduced grenade energy gain per chain by 50% in PvP game modes.
Chain Lightning melee
Increased cooldown from 82s to 90s.
Middle-Tree Stormcaller
Chaos Reach
Reduced damage per tick vs. players from 33%.
Increased damage tick rate vs. players by 33%.
Ball Lightning melee
Increased max flight distance from 25m to 27.5m.
Increased cooldown from 82s to 113s.
Ionic Trace
Increased tracking turn speed by 14%.
Reduced ability energy gain by ~50% in PvP game modes.
Bottom-Tree Stormcaller
Rising Storm melee
Increased cooldown duration from 82s to 90s.
Reduced ability-energy gain vs. players by 50%.
Electrostatic Surge
Reduced class-ability recharge bonus by 50% in PvP game modes.
Top-Tree Voidwalker
Entropic Pull melee
Increased cooldown duration from 82s to 90s.
Middle-Tree Voidwalker
Atomic Breach melee
Increased cooldown duration from 82s to 90s.
Handheld Supernova
Increased damage vs. Champions and bosses by 30%.
Reduced damage vs. players (now deals 150 damage max).
Increased projectile range from 12m to 14m.
Increased push physics-impulse strength.
Dark Matter
Now scales energy gains by enemy type.
Reduced energy gain for player kills.
Now grants 15% melee energy, 10% grenade energy, 10% class-ability energy for killing a player.
Nova Warp
Increased damage vs. Champions and bosses by 30%.
Bottom-Tree Voidwalker
Devour melee
Reduced cooldown duration from 82s to 75s.
Shadebinder
Penumbral Blast melee
Increased cooldown duration from 95s to 113s.
Increased proximity detonation radius vs. PvE combatants by 100%.
Winter's Wrath super
Reduced shatter-pulse damage vs. enemy Supers.
Must now generally freeze and shatter all Supers twice to kill.
Bleak Watcher
While Bleak Watcher is equipped, all Stasis grenades charge at Glacier Grenade rate.
GRENADES
In general, increased damage to PVE combatants.
In general, increased cooldown based on power output.
Switching grenades in the subclass screen now resets grenade energy to 0.
For a complete breakdown of specific grenade changes:


GRENADES
Void Grenades


Name	New cooldown duration in seconds (at Tier 3 Discipline stat)	Previous cooldown duration	Functionality changes
Scatter Grenade	105	82	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%
Axion Bolt	91	82	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%
Increased bolt tracking search radium by 33%
Increased bolt movement speed by 10%
Increased bolt travel distance by 15%
Vortex Grenade	105	82	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%
Reduced initial detonation damage from 50 to 20
Voidwall Grenade	105	82	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%
Spike Grenade	105	82	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%
Magnetic Grenade	121	82	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 17%
Now sticks to all surfaces
Now always detonates twice
Previously only detonated twice when stuck to an enemy
Increased throw speed by 33%
Increased tracking strength and cone length to account for faster speed
Suppressor Grenade	121	82	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%


Arc Grenades


Name	New cooldown duration in seconds (at Tier 3 Discipline stat)	Previous cooldown duration	Functionality changes
Lightning Grenade	121	82	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 23%
Increased minimum damage vs. players from 50 to 60
Increased max damage vs. players from 150 to 160
Pulse Grenade	105	82	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%
Flashbang Grenade	91	82	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%
Increased blinding radius by 20%
Reduced max damage from 130 to 120
Arcbolt Grenade	121	82	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%
Increased damage per bolt from 90 to 105
Skip Grenade	105	82	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%
Flux Grenade	182	82	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%
Increased attached detonation damage from 150 to 250
Removed projectile tracking
Added small amount of aim assist
Increased throw speed by 117%
Now sticks to all surfaces
Increased arming time from 0.9s to 1.7s
Storm Grenade	91	82	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%


Solar Grenades


Name	New cooldown duration in seconds (at Tier 3 Discipline stat)	Previous cooldown duration	Functionality changes
Fusion Grenade	73	82	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%
Reduced damage from vs. players 150 to 130
Now sticks to all surfaces
Reduced tracking strength by 25%
Firebolt Grenade	64	82	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%
Reduced damage per bolt from 90 to 65
Solar Grenade	105	82	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%
Reduced initial detonation damage from 50 to 20
Tripmine Grenade	91	82	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%
Swarm Grenade	91	82	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%
Incendiary Grenade	121	82	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 25%
increased detonation radius by 10%
Increased damage vs players
If explodes right under another player, deals 170 damage
Lingering burn damage can kill
If not under a player, max damage increases from 120 to 130
Thermite Grenade	105	82	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%


Stasis


Name	New cooldown duration in seconds (at Tier 3 Discipline stat)	Previous cooldown duration	Functionality changes
Coldsnap Grenade	121	117	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%
Increased seeker travel speed from 10m/s to 17m/s
Glacier Grenade	152	117	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%
Grenade projectile now bounces off enemy Barricades instead of detonating immediately
Duskfield Grenade	64	117	
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 15%
Increased slow-stack tick rate by 10%
No longer pulls enemies on detonation
Bounties and Pursuits
Fixed an issue causing the Season 14 Iron Banner pursuit to persist in the quest log after Season 15 started.
GENERAL
Contextual Ornament Selling
Players will be able to purchase Exotic weapon and armor ornaments wherever they are viewing them. Contextual purchases can be completed from the item details screen, Collections, and Transmog.
Director Dialogs - Director Tab Linking
Players will be able to navigate to a targeted Director tab from a relevant message, allowing them to effortlessly take action after reading a Director dialog.
VFX performance and photosensitivity tweaks - Screen Explosions
Reduced instances of bright flashes and frequent white animations against dark contrasts.
Updated near fade on particles.
VFX performance and photosensitivity tweaks - Hive Headshot and Darkness Blast
Hive headshot VFX intensity reduced.
Hive Darkness blast detonation and projectile intensity reduced.
VFX performance and photosensitivity tweaks - Taken projectiles and Muzzle flashes
Arc Rifle, Taken Slug Rifle, necromancer VFX reduced intensity and normalized lights.
VFX performance and photosensitivity tweaks - Hallowed Lair Boss Fight
Adjusted intensity/particle near fade for multiple VFX in boss fight.
AOE intensity reduced.
Lightning Strike particles and light intensity reduced.
Impact particle near fades updated.
Cloud brightness animation frequencies slowed down.
Decals reduced in intensity.
VFX performance and photosensitivity tweaks - Scorn VFX
Intensity of spawn/object effects reduced.
Performance and near fades updated on spawn.
Toxic muzzle flash, projectile, performance, and intensity tweaks.
VFX performance and photosensitivity tweaks - Finisher Intensity
Adjusted shader and lights on finisher to not bloom.
VFX performance and photosensitivity tweaks - Arc Abilities/Screen VFX
Arc object effect debuff have reduced intensity when in close proximity/first person.
Reduced on/off flashings of Arc screen effects.
Reduced on/off flashing of Arc screen shaders.
Fixed an issue where the Colossus's Rail Cannon could deal more damage at higher framerates.
We reworked this a bit so Rail Cannon projectiles will no longer deal flyby damage (the offending damage that was framerate dependent). They will now only apply damage on direct hits but will hit you a bit more often. Average damage output is about the same as you'd receive at 30fps.
Fixed various issues where some "How To" toasts were set to a higher priority than some system messages.
Fixed an issue where Ultra combatants' health bars were not consistently respecting colorblind settings.
Ultra-combatant health bars would display inconsistent coloring in multiple colorblind modes.
LOCALIZATION
Mexican Spanish Xr voice talent has been recast.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.3.1.3
Activities
Pursuits

Fixed an issue that caused the Sub Machinist medal to require defeating three opponents instead of two.
Abilities
Perks

Fixed an issue where some subclass and Exotic armor perks were unintentionally activating when damaging Stasis Crystals.
General
Localization

Fixed an issue where Frenzy and Rampage perks were both named Sza in Polish, causing confusion.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.3.1.2
Activities
Nightfalls

Changed how Mini Screebs from the Festering Rupture modifier are networked to give a more consistent experience.
This should prevent mini-screebs from burrowing into the ground and ending otherwise perfect Nightfall runs.
Competitive

Trials of Osiris (and other matchmade activities) should no longer trigger Baboon errors if players quit between rounds or during a hard wipe.
UI/UX
Descriptions

Updated the description of the "Pinnacle" Seasonal Challenge to better direct players to Pinnacle-tiered rewards
Telesto
Telesto

Fixed some issues with Telesto
Editor's Note: Restart the clock
No longer attaches to allies, will instead impact and detonate
Bolts can no longer be shot and destroyed
Reduce the bolt lifetime from 10 seconds to ~5 seconds when spawned on the environment (proximity to enemies still detonates)
Abilities
General

Fixed an issue that allowed allied players to be damaged and frozen by Diamond Lance.
Fixed an issue where more Sentinel Shield super energy was being drained by Scorn sniper attacks than intended.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.3.1.1
Activities
The Corrupted
Fixed an issue where the elevator console sometimes couldn't be interacted with.
Fixed an issue where Sedia's shields would regenerate faster than expected on Nightfall difficulties.
Her shields now regenerate based on health threshold in Nightfalls, just like they do in Direct Launch or the Vanguard Playlist.
Trials of Osiris
Capturing zones in Trials of Osiris no longer grants Super energy.
Trials of Osiris now restricts access of fireteam leaders if they have not reached the appropriate gear power level.
Added tooltip for Artifact Power Disabled
Fixed an issue that caused flawless players who reset to their ticket to prioritize matching with other flawless resetters for the first two wins on the new ticket.
This issue would occur even when Flawless matchmaking was disabled.
Traveling to the simulated Lighthouse will no longer reset ritual activity streaks
UI/UX
Bungie Friends
Fixed an issue where the notification toast for 1 or more pending Bungie Friend requests could appear blank for some players immediately after character select.
Gameplay and Investment
Pursuits
Lowered step 7 objective of the Forsaken Campaign Quest from completing 5 Spider Bounties to 4 so players can reasonably complete this quest step in a single day
Weapons
Fixed an issue where Demolitionist was not reloading the weapon when a grenade was thrown
Fixed an issue where picking up a relic during a reload animation will result in ammo duplication.
Weapons will now correctly reload from reserves.
Festival of the Lost Weapons (Jurassic Green, Braytech Werewolf, and Horror Story) now drop at a consistent Power level
Ghosts
Fixed an issue where the Prophecy ghost shell's ears were not colorful.

Destiny 2 Update 3.3.1
Activities
The Corrupted

Reduced the knockback buff from the "Sedia's Durance" activity modifier on Nightfall difficulty from +40% knockback to +20% knockback, which may help a few of you complete Grandmaster difficulty.
Removed an Unstoppable Phalanx Champion from the Ransack Ogre encounter.
During the Ransack Ogre encounter, an Unstoppable Phalanx Champion would spawn in the Ascendant Plane when the Ogre boss reached 50% health.
That Champion was easy to miss, and you couldn't backtrack there to defeat it once you killed the Ogre.
After this Champion ruined hundreds of Platinum completion attempts, we've snapped it out of existence.
It's gone.
Dust.
Destroyed.
It will never see the light of day again.
That's what it deserves.
Fixed an issue that blocked completion of The Corrupted Nightfall scoring Triumph.
Dreaming City

Fixed an issue where a wall of Taken miasma could appear in a doorway in Rheasilvia during Freeroam, when it shouldn't be there.
Trials

Currency rewards lockout at three, five, and seven wins no longer clear on ticket resets.
Added a playlist tooltip to indicate that Cross Play must be enabled to access Trials.
Trials passages only display warning message if the player account owns a ticket.
Momentum Control

Removed Anomaly and The Dead Cliffs from Momentum Control rotator.
Note: We're looking at map offerings in all 6v6 playlists, and are expecting some changes in a future update.
UI/UX
User Interface

Added more granularity options to the text chat profanity filter setting.
Updated the sign on experience to show a single toast after character select if you have one or more pending Bungie Friend requests, instead of a unique toast for every pending request.
The experience when receiving a new Bungie Friend request while playing the game has not changed.
Known Issue: This notification toast may appear blank for some players, but no invites are affected. This issue is already being investigated.
Player Search UI now has audio feedback.
Reverted a change to the text chat auto-hide default value that launched with Season 15.
The default value is once again On.
Fixed an issue where the text chat auto-hide setting could revert to the Season 15 default value of Off under various conditions.
Fixed an issue where voice chat settings would not consistently appear on non-PC platforms.
Fixed an issue where booting a fireteam member sometimes left a blank entry in the Roster or Fireteam UI.
Fixed an issue on Xbox Series X|S and PlayStation 5 where some header text on the Manage Invites tab of the Roster would sometimes scale down more than expected.
Fixed an issue where online Roster contacts were not sorting alphabetically for Friends and Clanmates.
Fixed an issue where blocking a player through a fireteam invite did not hide interaction options that are expected to fail when interacting with a blocked player.
Fixed an issue where red notification text would sometimes be missing when attempting to invite a player to your fireteam if their privacy settings would not allow them to join.
Fixed an issue affecting multiple Collections and Triumphs screens where entering a sub-screen or changing tabs on a screen would cause UI to show the default tab on the parent screen.
This fix also improves consistency when looking through tabs inside Collections category sub-screens.
Investment and Abilities
Weapons

Horror's Least Pulse Rifle no longer drops at zero power.
Increased drop chance for an Adept Nightfall weapon from a Platinum Grandmaster Nightfall to 100%.
Fixed an issue where Overflow and Shoot to Loot perks could double magazine sizes on some weapon archetypes.
Note: We have identified an issue where the Demolitionist perk no longer refills ammo when casting a grenade, and are looking to resolve this in Hotfix 3.3.1.1.
Abilities

Fixed an issue where players were unable to use Glacial Quake's light attack or activate sprint after a Glacial Quake heavy attack.
Vendors

Previews are now enabled for gear that can be focused on Saint-14.
Players who reset any of their ritual reputations (Crucible, Gambit, or Vanguard) a second time without collecting the Ritual Reputation Ornament can now claim the ornament from the respective vendor.
Vanguard Tokens and Sunset Destination Material Tokens (Io, Mars, Titan, Mercury) that remain in players inventories have had their descriptions updated to indicate that they have no value and can be safely dismantled.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.3.0.3
Activities
Trials of Osiris
Special ammo no longer refreshes upon resurrection
Added hold to purchase functionality to gear purchasable from Saint-14 in order to prevent accidental purchases.
Weapons received from the Trials of Osiris Reputation Rank Reward track on Saint-14 will now have their Masterwork Slots active.
Crucible
 Added tooltip to Glory and Elimination playlists to indicate that their matchmaking prefers skill.
Seasonal
Fixed an issue where some players were unable to complete Wayfinder's Voyage I if Petra didn't appear after interacting with the compass.
Fixed an issue where Tracing the Stars II quest could not be completed if Atlas Skews were picked up before picking up the quest.
Strikes
Fixed an issue where the Proving Grounds strike would not appear on Nessus for players if they didn't unlock it before Season of the Lost began.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Horror's Least will now drop at Power cap from the Corrupted Nightfall.
Adept Weapon Mods for Impact, Charge Time, Blast Radius and Projectile speed can now be acquired from Grandmaster Nightfalls and Raids, in addition to Trials of Osiris.
Fixed yet another issue caused by Telesto.
Teleso bolts no longer spawn orbs of power when hit with a Proximity Explosive Knife.
Armor
Fixed a crash that could be caused by a certain combination of armor mods.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.3.0.2
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Fixed an issue where Precious Scars was not correctly restoring player shields on matching weapon kills.
Weapons
Increased the effect of both the impact and detonation of Explosive Light on Rocket Launchers to now increase damage by 25%.
Fixed an issue where Danger Zone was not functioning correctly on Rocket Launchers.
Increase the cooldown of Shoot to Loot to four seconds.
This is a temporary measure to prevent shooting a brick that can't be picked up to trigger the auto-reload.
Fixed an issue where ammo picked up by players could be quickly shot with Shoot to Loot to get additional ammo.
Fixed an issue where an interaction between Hawkmoon and Hand Cannon Holster allowed for repeated Paracausal shots.
Fixed an issue with Ager's Scepter where a player's Super wouldn't drain while in empowered mode.
Title Seal
Fixed issue where a gilding Triumph could be completed before the base title Seal was claimed.
Fixed issue where the Wyvern precision kill objective wasn't progressing as intended.
Platforms and Systems
Fixed an issue where selecting the Beyond Light Deluxe Edition upgrade from the Timeline took players to the full Deluxe Edition page instead of the upgrade page on the Steam store.
Fixed an issue where Windows 7 users were unable to launch the game due to some incompatible *.dll files.
Localization
Fixed an issue with Japanese translations of a few lore entries.
Fixed an issue where several languages did not have a description for the Seasonal artifact.
General
Fixed an issue where the Xunyou offer was not rewarding the correct items.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.3.0.1
Activities
Seasonal

Astral Alignment
Fixed an issue where the Ether Collection encounter could soft lock when all Ether Wisps were destroyed.
Fixed an issue where objects could be removed when players left the activity while carrying them, which would soft lock the activity.
Raids

Vault of Glass
Fixed an issue where Atheon would sometimes summon an invisible barrier to block Guardians from entering the Vault of Glass.
UI/UX
General

Fixed an issue where the "pre-order" text string for 30th Anniversary wrapped and overlapped the title in Japanese, Polish, and Russian.
Other localization fixes for Japanese and Polish. Russian will be fixed in Hotfix 3.3.0.2.
Fixed an issue where the description of Top Tree Dawnblade mentioned "Sliding" instead of "Gliding" in German.
Fixed an issue where some players could not discard Solstice key fragments.
Players who may have remaining Solstice key fragments can now dismantle the entire stack from their inventory screen.
Incoming and outgoing Bungie friends toasts no longer play before character selection.
Fixed an issue where some Roster screens would not consistently indicate when you have blocked a player on your Bungie Friends list.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor

Fixed an issue preventing players from changing the armor energy type of Lucky Pants.
Actually changed the cost of Global Reach to three energy.
Fixed an issue causing the Fire and Ice artifact mod to spawn fewer Wells than intended.
Fixed an issue that prevented Season 15 Iron Banner armor sets and the new Exotic armor pieces from taking shaders.
Corrected the insertion cost of the Linear Fusion Rifle Targeting mod in the artifact to be 500 Glimmer like other mods.
Fixed an issue causing the 2021 Solstice Eververse Hunter arms ornaments to not be visible in the list of ornaments.
Fixed an issue causing the new Shards of Galanor Exotic armor ornament to improperly display colors.
Fixed an issue causing Radiant Dance Machines to trigger armor mods and Stasis Fragments more often than intended.
Fixed an issue causing the Fusion Rifle Scavenger artifact mod to use old perks, allowing players to gain Heavy ammo when picking up Special ammo bricks.
Fixed an issue where Promethium Spur would not spawn additional combination Rifts after the first one.
Weapons

Lorentz Driver will no longer apply a navpoint to players in the Crucible that are selected as targets.
Targeted players will still have the red glow on their biped and will still drop telemetry patterns when killed.
This change does not affect the targeting behavior for PvE combatants.
Added Iron Banner perks into the possible trait rolls for Peacebond and Forge's Pledge.
Peacebond can now roll Iron Reach.
Forge's Pledge can roll Iron Grip.
Abilities

Fixed an issue where specific Stasis crystals were dealing an additional instance of detonation damage against players.
General
Cross Play voice chat has been enabled
Some communication privacy settings are still not working as intended for Xbox players
Xbox players will still hear voice and receive invites from anyone even if privacy settings are set to friends or in-game friends only.
Xbox players will still be able to hear other Xbox players who are in their fireteam even if that player is on their mute list.
The Witch Queen Pre-Order Incentive

Fixed an issue where the "Lucidity" Witch Queen pre-order emblem was not showing up in players' emblem collections.
It should automatically appear in the collection for all players who have pre-ordered now.

Destiny 2 Update 3.3.0
Activities
Raids

Vault of Glass
Fixed an issue where the Conflux Challenge reward chest didn't grant Spoils of Conquest.
Last Wish
Fixed an issue where player revives would be placed in rooms that could not be accessed during the Riven encounter.
Fixed an issue where some players received BIRD error codes when trying to get to the Wall of Wishes.
Deep Stone Crypt
Fixed an issue where players could defeat Atraks-1 by attacking a Fallen Captain well outside of the playable space.
Dungeons

Prophecy
Trials of the Nine reprisal weapons will now drop from the Prophecy dungeon.
Nightfall

The Fanatic has been busy! He has judiciously spawned Overload Chieftains and Unstoppable Abominations to help guard the new Nightfall: The Hollowed Lair.
The announcement that time is running out in Nightfalls and Legend/Master Lost Sectors are now color-coded, depending on the player's colorblind settings.
Strikes

Two new disadvantage modifiers have been added to the Vanguard strikes playlist, for Season 15 only.
 Added two new Seasonal "advantage" modifiers to the Vanguard strikes playlist.
The Corrupted

The Overload Taken Hobgoblin Champions during the Ransack Ogre encounter have been replaced with Unstoppable Taken Phalanxes.
The Unstoppable Hive Ogre during the Ransack Ogre encounter now moves more freely.
Some of the Taken now wield Stasis Boomer weapons.
Fixed an issue where the throwable objects in this strike would fail to clean up if they were left on the ground after being charged up.
They now disappear after 20s on the ground or 90s of being held, just like the uncharged version of the object.
Avakrii, Temple Claimant, is now a Champion combatant on Master or Grandmaster difficulty.
Insight Terminus

The capture plate encounter halfway through the strike will now always spawn a set number of Champions no matter how long it takes to capture the plate:
One Champion on Legend.
Two Champions on Master or Grandmaster.
Hollowed Lair

The Fanatic's Ravagers now wield Stasis censers, instead of Solar censers.
Lost Sectors

Dreaming City
All three Dreaming City Lost Sectors are now available on Legend and Master difficulty.
Availability
Season 15 has a rotation of 11 Lost Sectors available on Legend and Master difficulty.
Lost Sectors will be on a seasonal rotation moving forward.
Scavenger's Den
The boss of this Lost Sector is now a Boss-type combatant when playing on Legend or Master difficulty.
Tooltip
Legend and Master Lost Sector descriptions now list the Shield elements that will be encountered.
Legend and Master Lost Sector descriptions have been reformatted for ease of reading.
Legend and Master Lost Sectors no longer have "Destination" modifiers.
The following modifiers have all been removed:
Memory of a Golden Age
Memory of a Bygone Past
Memory of a Haunted Dream
Memory of a Lonely Outpost
Memory of a Frozen Conundrum
"Forlorn Miasma" renamed to "Void Burn."
"Isolated Flames" renamed to "Solar Burn."
"Desolate Charge" renamed to "Arc Burn."
UI/UX
General

Fixed an issue where the Gambit post-game scoreboard would not paginate correctly.
Added elements to the Vanguard sub-screen in the Director menu to represent the player's Vanguard reputation.
When a player has incoming Friend invites they are indicated in Orbit and Director tabs by a new invite indicator/shine.
"Inspect Player" terminology changed to "Inspect Guardian."
Player waypoint Title Gilding Count now shown at all times, including before the new Season's Title has been Gilded.
In other words, you will now see the number of times your title has been gilded, even when it reverts to Purple at a seasonal reset.
Settings

Social settings (Fireteam Privacy, Fireteam Invites, Friend Requests) have moved to a sub-tab on the Roster.
Invite Notification setting has been updated/fixed.
Gamepad Sprint-Turn scale settings added.
Controller ADS Sensitivity modifier added.
Text Chat Auto-Hide setting set to off by default.
Cross Play

Bungie Name
Bungie Name replaces platform name: On log-in, player's Bungie Name will be set, based on the name they're using on the system they first log-in on.
A player's platform name is displayed in the player nameplate tooltip.
Bungie Friends
A Bungie Friends list has been introduced to help bridge the gap across platforms.
Blocking Players
An action is available when interacting with other players to block them and limit their ability to interact with you within Destiny 2.
Blocking within Destiny 2 only blocks in-game communications.
Please use the helpful popup or view Bungie Help articles for additional steps to take to block players from interacting with you outside the game.
Roster
A player's platform is displayed beside their Bungie Name on the Roster.
Bungie Friends have a watermark behind their Bungie name on the Roster.
Player Details Screen
A player's Cross Save-linked platform names are shown when viewing their player details screen.
Filter by Platform screen.
A dedicated tab has been added to the Roster to filter connections down to your shared platform family.
Invite Management Screen
A dedicated tab has been added to the Roster to view incoming Fireteam invites, Bungie Friend requests, and Clan invites.
Social Preferences Screen
A dedicated tab has been added to the Roster to house multiple settings related to who can join your Fireteam, send you Fireteam invites, or send you Bungie Friend requests.
Friend Search
A section has been added to the Invite management screen for Friend search.
Players can now search for Friends using their full Bungie Name ID.
Friendly players' full Bungie Name and platform is displayed in their waypoints on Interact.
Armor
New Features
Stasis has been added as an armor energy type, along with a suite of base mods that use the Stasis armor energy type.
New combat style mods featuring more Elemental Well mechanics have been added to the game.
Ghost Mods
A new suite of Ghost mods have been added to the game that guarantees a minimum stat value of 10 in the chosen character stat any time you acquire a piece of armor that has random stats.
Holster Mods
This is a new type of leg armor mod that will gradually reload stowed weapons of the matching type over time.
Multiple copies of Holster mods of the same type will increase the rate ammo is reloaded.
Bugfixes

Fixed an issue where a grenade thrown from a player wearing Ashen Wake could damage allies.
Fixed an issue where Crest of Alpha Lupi could create orbs on Stasis kills outside of Super.
Fixed an issue where some Warmind Cells would not have their duration increased by Warmind's Longevity
Fixed a bug where melee damage resistance was incorrectly counting as an Arc mod.
Exotic balance changes

Super regenerating exotics
Shards of Galanor: Increased the amount of Super granted for hits, but total Super regain is now capped at 50%.
Ursa Furiosa: Capped the amount of Super energy you can regain once your Super ends at 50%.
Skull of Dire Ahamkara: Increased the amount of Super refunded per kill, but total Super gain is capped at 50%.
Phoenix Protocol: Capped the amount of Super energy you can regain once your Super ends at 50%.
Stormdancer's Brace: Now also refunds up to 50% of your Super energy after your Super ends, based on the number of kills.
Geomag Stabilizers: Removed "sprint to top off your Super."

Hunter
The Bombardiers
The bomb now has a secondary effect based on your subclass type:
Blind for Arc.
Burn for Solar.
Slow for Stasis.
Suppress for Void.
Graviton Forfeit
Increased the bonus invisibility duration.
The melee regeneration speed now increases based on the number of enemies near you.
While you are invisible, your Recovery is greatly increased and your weapons reload more quickly
Lucky Pants
Added intrinsic Hand Cannon Holster mod, replaced previous functionality with the following:
"When you ready a fully-loaded Hand Cannon that deals Kinetic damage or damage matching your subclass energy type, for a short time each hit against a combatant from that Hand Cannon increases the damage of the next shot."

Titan
Precious Scars
Will now also create a burst of healing and bonus Recovery around you whenever you kill an enemy with a weapon whose damage type matches your subclass type.
Icefall Mantle
Removed the slower class ability recharge scalar.

Warlock
Verity's Brow
Changed to trigger when you get a weapon kill that matches your subclass energy type.
Increased grenade damage bonus to 20% per stack (up from 10%).
The Stag
Grants damage reduction to allied Guardians standing in your Rifts.
25% against combatants, 15% against players.
Promethium Spur
Has additional functionality:
While standing in a Rift, Solar weapon kills give you class ability energy.
When your class ability energy is full, Solar weapon kills consume that energy and spawn a combination healing/empowering Rift at the target's location.
Mod changes

Ammo Finder
Now have an increased chance to spawn ammo on kills with primary weapons, and a further increased chance with Exotic Primaries.
Ammo Finder mods for weapons that only use Primary ammo have been deprecated
Scavenger
Multiple copies of Scavenger mods of the same type no longer stack.
Scavenger mods for weapons that only use Primary ammo have been deprecated
Capacity
Capacity mods for weapons that only use Primary ammo have been deprecated
Warmind Cells

Base Warmind Cells
Reduced radius of the explosion/effect range of Warmind Cells (10 ? 6 meters).
Reduced damage of the explosion of Warmind Cells (previously 200-400 ? now 50-250).
Global Reach
Increase the mod cost of Global Reach to 3.
Reduce the amount of radius increase (20 ? 10 meters).
Cellular Suppression
Reduce the duration of the suppressing effect when using Cellular Suppression (3 seconds ? 2 seconds).
Wrath of Rasputin
Reduce bonus Solar damage (previously 100-200 ? now 25-100).
Elemental Wells

Elemental Armaments now has an increased chance to spawn an elemental well based on the tier of the enemy defeated.
Font of Might's base duration has been increased to 10 seconds and increased the damage bonus provided from 10% to 25%.
Weapons
Global

Fixed an issue that allowed players to swap weapons substantially faster than normal.
Controller sensitivity

Added additional controller sensitivity options (1-10 sensitivity is the same as before, 11-20 increases over that).
Added an ADS Sensitivity Modifier (allowed values 0.5 to 1.5).
Primary ammo

All Primary ammo weapons now have infinite ammo.
Drop Mag: Reworked to be +reload speed, -magazine size.
Compact Arrow Shaft: Reworked to be +reload, +handling.
Trials of Osiris

All Trials weapons now have seven perks in each column (was five)
Moon and Dreaming City reissues


Added one or two of the original perks to each column for the Moon weapons reissued in this update (i.e. the Lectern weapons only).
Since these can be target farmed, we're ok with increasing the size of the pools in this particular case.
Added one of the original perks one or both columns for the Dreaming City weapons reissued in this update (Tigerspite, Twilight Oath, Abide the Return).
Since these can't be target farmed, we didn't want to increase the size of the pools by more than one.
Fixed the previews from the quests from these weapons showing a sunset reward (the reward itself was already correct).
Archetypes

Note: Exotics receive these changes as written unless otherwise mentioned in the Exotics section below.

Breech Grenade Launchers
Reduced blast radius by 0.4m, e.g. max blast radius decreased from 4.55m to 4.15m, min blast radius decreased from 3.80m to 3.40m.
Reduced splash damage by 20, which reduces total damage for a direct hit from 220 to 200 (before taking spike or proximity grenades into account).
Increased damage in PvE by 12%.
Witherhoard is unaffected.
Machine Guns
Increased damage in PvE by 20%.
Scout Rifles and Hand Cannons
Increased damage vs minors by 15%.
Fusion Rifles
Increased PvE damage bonus such that all subfamilies are at 15% PvE bonus (previously high impact was at 0%, precision and adaptive were 10% and rapid-fire were 12.5%).
Pushed sub-families further apart, adjusting charge time, shots fired per burst (was seven for all subfamilies) and damage (note that the "base" below means without battery perks, a charge time masterwork or the Adept Charge Time mod):
High Impact
Base charge time increased from 0.86s to 1.0s.
Shots per burst reduced from seven to five.
Reduced total damage per burst.
Precision and Adaptive
Base charge time is unchanged.
Shots per burst is unchanged at seven.
Very slightly increased total damage per burst.
Rapid Fire
Base charge time decreased from 0.54s to 0.46s.
Shots per burst increased from seven to nine.
Increased total damage per burst
Fusion Rifle perk changes
Backup Plan
Removed +100 to charge time stat, adjusted charge time multiplier from 0.85 to 0.7, now scales damage by 0.8.
Liquid Coils and Accelerated Coils
Both converted to scale charge time and damage instead of modifying the charge time stat.
The Adept Charge Time mode
Changed functionality to scale charge time directly instead of changing the charge time stat, without adjusting the damage.
Exotics

Anarchy
Reduced total reserve+magazine ammunition from 26 to 16.
Reduced damage by 30% vs bosses (champions are not bosses).
Xenophage
Reduced rate of fire from 120 to 90 RPM.
Fighting Lion
Fighting Lion ammo increased from "a lot" to "infinite."
Receives the same changes as other breech Grenade Launchers.
Reduced base reload stat to 0.
Now increases reload speed to its previous level on damaging multiple enemies with one grenade.
Vex Mythoclast
PVE damage bonus increased by ~40%.
Range increased to exceed best in class for 360 high impact Auto Rifles.
Increased stability.
Reworked catalyst to grant stability and damage after a kill.
Increased rate of fire from 360 to 390.
Reduced linear fusion mode charge time from 820 to 533 (same as standard Linear Fusion Rifles).
No longer loses overcharge stacks on stow except when in linear mode.
Merciless
Updated perk to account for fewer shots per burst (should build up charge rate at the same amount per burst as before).
Reduced the damage penalty for increasing charge rate by 40%.
Jtunn
Reduced charge time from 0.82s to 0.78s (i.e. charges 0.04s faster).
Slightly reduced damage per shot.
Bastion
Reduced damage by 15% (can now not quite kill a guardian with one shot in the three-shot burst it fires).
Increased spread angle by 10%.
Increased PvE damage by 25% (so overall around a 10% increase in PvE).
Sweet Business
Now refills magazine on picking up Special/Heavy ammo instead of Primary.
Perks

Firing Line
Reduced damage bonus to +20% precision damage for all supported weapon archetypes (was highly variable depending on weapon type).
Will roll on some Sniper Rifles, Linear Fusion Rifles, and Machineguns, and maybe some other stuff in the future.
Certain damage perks only affected impact damage on explosive weapons, we've updated these specific perks to also increase detonation damage.
Kill Clip
Rampage
Adrenaline Junkie
Fixed incorrect rarity on some recently shipped weapon perks.
Other Bug Fixes

Fixed an issue where muzzle flash on "The Forward Path" Auto Rifle could cause photosensitivity issues.
Fixed an issue where MIDA Mini-Tool and Drang didn't show Kill Tracking column when Masterworked.
Fixed an issue where Adept Big Ones Spec mod was not appearing in collections once acquired.
Fixed an issue where Grenade Launchers weren't damaging certain types of objects.
Power and Progression
Power bands increased.

Power Floor remains 1100.
Soft Cap is now 1270 (up from 1260).
Powerful Cap is now 1320 (up from 1310).
Hard Cap is now 1330 (up from 1320).
XP

Made XP rewards more descriptive. You can now get a general understanding of how much XP a bounty or Seasonal challenge will give you from its description (rather than it just previewing "XP"). Reward tiers (smallest to largest) are:

XP
XP+
XP++
Challenger XP
Challenger XP+
Challenger XP++
Challenger XP+++
Bounties and Pursuits

Fixed issue where Dreaming City bounties with gear rewards would sometimes not drop gear.
These bounties can no longer roll Shattered Throne-specific perks when claimed within the dungeon.
Synthstrand is no longer used to purchase Armor Synthesis bounties from Ada-1.
Armor Synthesis bounties will now cost 10,000 Glimmer each, and Synthstrand will no longer drop in game.
All remaining Synthstrand in inventories can be safely dismantled, as it will no longer be used for any system in the future.
Reputations

Valor is now known as Crucible Ranks.
Infamy is now known as Gambit Ranks.
Vanguard reputation internal systems has been rebuilt, aligning with that of Crucible and Gambit reputations.
Increased amount of Vanguard reputation given for completing Nightfalls on Platinum, Gold, or Silver.
Higher tier Nightfalls get a flat multiplier to all Vanguard rep gains.
Crucible, Gambit, and Vanguard reputations now use a ritual activity streak system. You gain streak for finishing ritual activities, you lose streak for quitting out or KTOing, and your streak resets if you play something besides that ritual's activities.
Orbit, Tower, and H.E.L.M. do NOT trigger a reset. The previous win streak bonuses (aside from Glory) have been removed.
Vanguard/Crucible/Gambit reputations now cap out at 10,000, and all tuning values have been adjusted to that.
Removed Crucible and Gambit gains from all bounties.
3x multipliers have been removed.
Reputation boost weeks are now use a 2x multiplier all seven days.
Glory floors work like they did prior to Season 14. Each rank below Fabled 1 should not allow negative progress to de-rank you below that rank.
Eververse

Upsells for the new expansions are now included in the Eververse campaign tab.
The current Season is now also available for purchase in the Season tab.
Select items in the archive now feature 'most popular' call outs.
Third-Person Peeking

While in competitive game modes (Trials, Elimination, Survival), performing an emote will remain in first-person.
While in competitive game modes (Trials, Elimination, Survival), players are now unable to swap to a Sword if they do not have Heavy ammo. If players run out of ammo while holding a Sword, they'll automatically swap to their Primary weapon.
Abilities
Stasis

Stasis Freeze
Players can now initiate breakout while airborne (previously had to wait until you hit the ground).
Shortened breakout animation and camera transition.
Differentiated long freeze and short freeze visual treatment to make each status easier to identify.
Glacier Grenade
Grenade projectile now bounces off of other projectiles instead of detonating on impact.
Stasis Crystals
Fixed a bug in which damage dealt to your own crystals was being factored into the "Damage Dealt" stat in Crucible.
Whisper of Rime
Fixed a bug with Whisper of Rime in which the overshield it provided was not scaling precision damage correctly.

Slide
While sliding, players now incur the following weapon penalties:
 -20 stability
+15% shotgun pellet spread
1.5x flinch
Air-move abilities such as Shatterdive can no longer be performed while sliding.
Titan

Rally Barricade
Standing behind the rally barricade now also provides the following weapon buffs:
+30 stability
+10% range
-50% flinch
All Barricades
Players moving at high velocity now take more damage when moving through hostile Titan Barricades.
Barricades now slightly protrude into the ground to better protect the Titan's feet on uneven ground.

Behemoth
Cryoclasm
While equipped, base slide now shatters crystals and frozen enemies.
Increased duration of screen FX notifying players that Cryoclasm long slide is ready from one second to ~4.5 seconds.
Howl of the Storm
Fixed a bug in which using mouse and keyboard with Hold Sprint can prevent Titan's "Howl of the Storm" ability from activating.
Shiver Strike
Increased movement speed by 25%.
Reduced likelihood of early cancellation when used on the ground.
Glacial Quake
Fixed an issue where Glacial Quake would sometimes fail to heavy attack immediately after recovering from a previous heavy attack.

Sunbreaker
Middle-Tree Sunbreaker
Throwing Hammer
Increased time before hammer explodes after hitting the ground from 6.5s to 10s.
Can now be shot and destroyed in flight and when lying on the ground.
Hammer cannot be picked up for 0.5s after throwing it.
Increased damage vs. powerful PvE combatants by ~50%.
Striker
Fists of Havoc
Increased slam detonation radius by 14%.
Reduced slam damage falloff.
Reduced slam attack activation cost from 21% to 18%.
Middle-Tree Striker
Inertia Override
Increased duration from 4 seconds to 6 seconds.
Sliding over an ammo brick now grants 20% melee energy.

Sentinel
Top-Tree Sentinel
Ward of Dawn
Increased damage taken from bosses from 0.25x -> 7x (at 0 Resilience).
Damage taken can scale down to 0.25x based on the owner's Resilience stat.
NOTE: This refers to the Ward of Dawn bubble and not players inside the bubble.
Hunter

Revenant
Silence and Squall
Increased Squall movement speed by 20%.
Silence detonation PVP freeze impulse now grows over time to match vfx.
Squall storm now stops when it touches a boss.
Withering Blade
Increased projectile speed and tracking by 10%.
Shatterdive
Fixed a bug in which a player can cancel out of Shatterdive to keep player momentum while sliding off a ledge.

Gunslinger
Middle-Tree Gunslinger
Knife Trick
Increased burning duration from 3s to 4s.
Knife projectiles now come out slightly quicker.
Top-Tree Gunslinger
Six Shooter
Damage falloff now starts at 25m instead of 20m.
Arcstrider
Arc Staff
Extended passive super duration from 16 seconds to 20 seconds.
Increased heavy slam detonation radius from 5m to 6m.
Increased damage vs PvE combatants by 33%.
Top-Tree Arcstrider
Deadly Reach
Increased duration from 8 seconds to 10 seconds.
Now displays time remaining.
Middle-Tree Arcstrider
Lightning Weave
Dealing damage with Tempest Strike now procs Lightning Weave.
Timer can now be extended by dealing damage with any weapon.
Now displays time remaining.
Whirlwind Guard
Fixed an issue where Arcstrider's Whirlwind Guard was not properly blocking incoming damage from Trace Rifles.
Nightstalker
Top-Tree Nightstalker
Vanishing Step
Now displays time remaining
Middle-Tree Nightstalker
Spectral Blades
Reduced DR during super from 52% to 47%.
Reduced additional DR when invisible from +5% to +3%.
Warlock

Shadebinder
Winter's Wrath Super
Reduced Shatterpulse damage vs close-range Supers.
Warlock must now freeze and shatter twice to defeat players in Burning Maul, Fists of Havoc, Sentinel Shield, Nova Warp, Arc Staff or Spectral Blades, with the exception of Glacial Quake.
Bleak Watcher
Improved Bleak Watcher's ability to detect enemies at certain angles.

Dawnblade
Top-Tree Dawnblade
Celestial Fire
Reduced tracking cone angle.
Arming shape (proximity detonation) now shrinks over time.
Reduced detonation size by 1m.
Damage falloff increased at short distances.
Icarus Dash
Now provides one air dodge every four seconds.
While under the effects of Heat Rises, increased to two dodges every five seconds.
Heat Rises
Increased duration from 10 seconds to 15 seconds.
Increased the amount of time extended on air kills. The amount differs based on types of enemies..
Your location now appears on enemy radar when using Heat Rises.

Middle-Tree Dawnblade
Well of Radiance
Increased damage taken from bosses from 0.25x ? 1.5x (at 0 Resilience).
Damage taken can scale down to 0.25x based on the owner's Resilience stat.
NOTE: This refers to the Well of Radiance sword and orb object and not the buff applied by the Well.
Increased damage resistance buff vs. enemy players from 20% to 40%.
Players inside Well of Radiance can no longer be frozen or slowed by Stasis.
Sword can now be frozen and shattered by Stasis.
Players can shoot through the energy "stem" of the center of the Well. The orb and sword will still take damage/block bullets.
Guiding Flame
Increased duration from seven seconds to ten seconds.
Increased damage buff from 20% to 25%.
Divine Protection
Now displays time remaining.

Bottom-Tree Dawnblade
Phoenix Dive
Reduced delay before dive starts.
Can now input a direction to dive in that direction.
Igniting Touch
Ability Rework: Solar ability kills and kills on burning targets now cause targets to explode and burn other nearby enemies.
Charged melee now places a burn on the target.
Increased detonation radius from 6m to 7m (9m with Dawn Chorus).

Stormcaller
Middle-Tree Stormcaller
Arc Beam
Increased beam environment-collision size to better match collision size with damage size.
This should lead to less instances to dealing damage to enemies on the other side of a wall.
Reduced beam damage radius in PvP by 20%.
Reduced beam end-point-sphere radius in PvP by 33%.
Bottom-Tree Stormcaller
Arc Soul
Increased duration from 12 seconds to 13 seconds.
Increased fire rate by 10%.
Electrostatic Surge
Now increases sprint speed when allies are near.
Landfall
Now fires five arc ground projectiles on cast.

Voidwarlker
Middle-Tree Voidwalker
Nova Warp
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 73%.
No longer slows movement speed while charging/charged.
Now detonates on cast.
Handheld Supernova
Increased damage vs. PvE combatants by 100%.
Increased hold time from 2.5 seconds to 3.2 seconds.
Platforms and Systems
General

DualSense controllers are now supported natively on PC.
General
And now, for the kitchen sink...

Sparrows from past lives now correctly reset the summoning cooldown when destroyed.
Destiny Timeline
A new Timeline screen will be introduced to highlight a player's ownership of expansions and seasons in a visual way that feels valuable, desirable, and an integral part of the player's permanent experience.
The Timeline screen will also provide players the ability to immediately take action where ownership status of expansions and season passes is incomplete.
Stasis acquisition
The first two Stasis Aspect pursuit have had some objectives reduced, and steps requiring the Stasis Exotic Grenade Launcher have been removed
Stasis pursuits and Fragments that have not been unlocked can be seen on the Exo Stranger vendor, with notes on how to unlock access to them.
The Deadeye Title Seal has been added.
Deadeye Title Seal supports gilding
Emblem Stat Tracker has been added to tack the number of times the Seal has been gilded.
Fixed an issue where the K1 Crew Quarters Flawless Solo Triumph had its name and description mixed up.
Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.2.1.3
Gambit
General

Fixed an issue where the Ludomaniacal emblem did not have appropriate acquisition steps in its details.
Raids
Vault of Glass

Removed weapon drops from Master Vault of Glass encounter loot pools.
Players are guaranteed to receive stat-focused armor from Master difficulty encounters.
Master Vault of Glass loot lockouts have been separated from Normal.
Both can now be looted independently each week.
Drops will only be at Pinnacle Power from the first weekly clear of each encounter.
For example, if you complete Oracles in Normal difficulty first it will award Pinnacle. If you later in that week complete Oracles on Master difficulty, it will award stat-focused armor but not at Pinnacle Power.
Completing either encounter again after that will award Spoils of Conquest, and Masterwork Materials at Master difficulty.
Armor & Abilities
General

Fixed an issue where some Stasis finishers caused a slight delay to weapon readiness relative to non-Stasis class finishers.
Fixed an issue where Boots of the Emperor's Agent didn't display shaders correctly.
General
We're saying general a lot, huh?

Fixed an issue where the Ghoyster Shell could heave horrific dead pupils in certain environments.
We are still recovering from this issue and apologize to anyone who may have nightmares.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.2.1.2
Rewards
Gambit

Fixed an issue where Ludomaniacal emblem did not unlock for players who reset their Gambit infamy rank three times.
Players affected by the bug will be retroactively rewarded.
Dreaming City

Fixed an issue where the following weapons were not dropping if players had previously obtained them:
Abide the Return
Tigerspite
Twilight Oath
Triumphs

Fixed an issue where the One Fell Strike Triumph was marked as incomplete for all players
The fix will grant this Triumph to all players.
NOTE: This fix is triggered by a weekly reset, so player will only see the fix the following Tuesday after the patch goes out.
Solstice of Heroes
Empowerments

Fixed an issue where the Solstice Stasis empowerment buff was granting weapon ammo on Stasis kills.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.2.1.1
Activities
Strikes
Fixed an issue where players could exit the play area during the Glassway boss fight.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
Fixed an issue where the Worldshaper ornament for Izanagi's Burden would sometimes cause ADS issues when zooming in.
Triumphs
Fix for the Catalyst Competitor Triumph not showing complete for players who completed it during Guardian Games.

Destiny 2 Update 3.2.1
Activities
Crucible

Fixed an issue where the cinematic intro on the Radiant Cliffs map, in competitive modes, would show Guardians hovering in the air.
Fixed an issue where Glory gain and loss amounts were not properly adjusted based on skill level.
Fixed an issue that prevented the Dead Cliffs map from loading correctly in Glory playlists.
Reduced damage of Trace Rifles in Momentum Control.
Expunge

Styx
Fixed an issue where the Codestrider platform over the boss would fail to have collision in certain circumstances.
Tartarus
Fixed an issue where a Codestrider platform would fail to have collision in certain circumstances.
Fixed an issue where defeating the boss before the second immunity phase would block mission completion.
Strikes

Fallen S.A.B.E.R.
Fixed an issue where the lightning damage-over-time effect when exploring the vents in the boss room was missing from a specific location.
 The Arms Dealer
Fixed an issue in the Legion's Anchor area where a Phalanx would sometimes teleport into the middle of the encounter area, after dunking the first carry object.
The Inverted Spire
Fixed an issue where players who died in the drill area could have their Ghosts appear far back in the strike. The Ghosts now appear at set safe locations in the drill area.
Raids

Vault of Glass
Fixed an issue where players could not display raid metrics on VoG emblems.
Fixed an issue where players were still able to purchase Vault Caches after unlocking everything from it.
Fixed an issue where the Atheon Cache required Warlocks to have the chest armor unlocked to obtain the head armor.
Fixed an issue where the Ahteon Cache required Titans to have the chest armor unlocked to obtain the class item.
Fixed an issue where players could get out of the environment at the beginning of the raid.
Fixed an issue where players could spawn in undesirable locations when joining in progress before the Oracles encounter.
Fixed an issue where bounties did not progress when killing combatants.
Fixed an issue where Grenade Launchers did lower than intended damage to Oracles.
Fixed an issue where the Aegis Relic would be removed if the player holding the relic left the activity in the middle of an encounter.
Fixed an issue where Atheon would not cast a Detain Bomb after attempting to stomp on a Guardians face during the damage phase.
Fixed an issue where the Aegis Relic Cleanse ability sometimes failed to remove darkness debuff from some players.
Fixed an issue where Atheon would become incredibly confused if Guardians put too many boxes on the dance floor.
Fixed an issue where damage phases could be elongated based on framerate settings.
Fixed an issue where players could live through a detain by simply doing their favorite dance.
Deep Stone Crypt
Fixed an issue where some players would encounter crashes when entering airlocks.
Fixed an issue where players could use Sparrows to get out of the environment.
Fixed an issue where Ghosts would sometimes spawn in unreachable areas if a Guardian joined in progress, leading to unintentional wipes.
Fixed an issue where players could damage Taniks before starting the final encounter.
Dungeons

Pit of Heresy
Fixed an issue where Pit of Heresy emblems were not tracking solo Flawless completions.
UI/UX
Crucible Activity Intro

Fixed a bug that may cause graphical corruption of the UI during the intro sequence.
Fixed an issue where class icons may not appear properly.
Quest Tab

Players who have not purchased the Season Pass for Season of the Splicer will now have the Splicer Gauntlet removed from their inventory when they reach the end of the Path of the Splicer I quest.
Season of the Chosen weekly quests now appear in the Past section.
The Hammer of Proving quest item should now appear in the Past section instead of the Seasonal section.
Exotic quests related to Presage and Dead Man's Tale now appear only in the Exotic section.
Director

Fixed a bug in which players would see three Season of the Splicer quest icons on the H.E.L.M. node of the Director when they only had two Season of the Splicer quests active.
Fixed an issue causing the incorrect message to display when a free player prevents a fireteam from launching into Override.
Bounties

Fixed an issue where bounties from Ada-1 would sometimes show incorrect progress, which could appear in red.
Gameplay
Armor

Heavy Handed now correctly refunds energy when Shiver Strike is cast.
Impulse Recycler now grants energy on kills from Getaway Artist's Sentient Arc Soul.
Boots of the Assembler's Noble Seekers now correctly proc Benevolent Dawn for Blessing of the Sky.
Reverted the Boots of the Assembler change to Rift recharge rate.
Assassin's Cowl no longer clips through most Hunter cloaks.
Felwinter's Helm will no longer change all Solstice armor glows to Stasis.
Fixed an issue where glow-enabled armor items would not appropriately display their glow if plugged into another glow-enabled armor item.
Created universal ornaments for previous Solstice of Heroes armor sets.
These ornaments will be available for players who obtained glows for that armor piece in 2018 and/or 2019.
They will be unlocked for all three classes.
Their glow color will change match the player's subclass.
Dawn Chorus can now be reset to its default shader after another shader has been applied.
Weapons

Reissued remaining Moon (Lectern) and Dreaming City (world drops) weapons with new perk pools.
Weapon Archetypes

Shotguns
Increased Aggressive Frame Shotgun cone angle from 4.0 to 4.25 degrees.
Reduced Shotgun damage falloff min by 2m.
Increased Shotgun damage falloff max by 2m.
Aggressive (120 RPM) Hand Cannons
Reduced precision damage multiplier from 1.8 to 1.6, preventing a 10% damage bonus from allowing 2-tapping in PvP.
Reduced aim assist minimum falloff distance by 1-2m depending on the Range stat.
Reduced damage minimum falloff distance by 1m (this gives them a 1m advantage over other Hand Cannons).
Perks

Pulse Monitor
Fixed an issue where the Handling bonus was not applying.
Rewind Rounds
Fixed an issue where the perk would not trigger if the last shot in a magazine missed, or the player reloaded another weapon before firing the final shot.
Reservoir Burst
Updated with the same consistency and speed fix as Dragonfly.
Exotics

Dead Man's Tale
Removed hipfire damage falloff scalar (was 1.8x to match zoom).
Reduced Aim Assist cone angle hip scalar from 1.5 to 1.2.
Sleeper Simulant
Fixed an issue where Sleeper Simulant was benefiting less than other Linear Fusion Rifles from the Season 14 Linear Fusion Rifle precision damage buff.
Vex Mythoclast
Updated intrinsic perk description to describe the functionality (was originally a reference to the Destiny 1 text).
General

Fixed an issue causing Null Composure not to be Masterworked when pulled from Collections.
Fixed an issue where Cryothesia 77k's charged shot could misfire if fired near the end of the charge buff.
Fixed an issue where feminine characters' left hand was not attached to the Gridskipper Pulse Rifle.
Fixed an issue where Vision of Confluence glows were not taking shader coloring when dyed.
Fixed an issue where the Null Composure ornaments were not showing ammo state while in ADS.
Temporarily removed Legendary weapons that did not have Masterwork slots from Banshee-44's inventory.
Note: We're planning a full fix for Season 15.
Abilities, Aspects, and Fragments

Fixed a bug in which Slow duration from Withering Blade did not increase with Whisper of Durance Fragment equipped.
Fixed a bug in which Stormcaller Warlocks were unable to use Ionic Blink while slowed by Stasis.
Fixed a bug in which Diamond Lance could be generated by throwing a Glacier Grenade into a pile of Telesto projectiles.
Fixed an issue where many abilities were not properly costing Sentinel Shield energy when guarding.
Celestial Fire
Withering Blade
Shiver Strike
Glacial Quake
Silence & Squall
Investment
Bounties and Pursuits

Adjusted Cosmodrome, EDZ, Nessus, Moon, and Dreaming City Destination Public Event Bounties so Heroic public events contribute the most progress.
Eventful Moments
Public Works
Public Performance
Lunar Defender
Public Works
Updated Seasonal Stasis Aspect Pursuits
Entropic Shards can now be destroyed by any Stasis damage, not just Salvation's Grip.
This does NOT affect the original nine Entropic Shards hidden around Europa; those are much more hardy and still require the concussive power of a Heavy Grenade Launcher.
Increased Armor Synthesis bounty purchase time on Ada-1 to prevent accidental bounty purchases.
Stat Trackers

Fixed emblems to allow stat tracker categories matching how the emblem was rewarded.
Fixed an issue causing the Expunge Fastest Completion stat tracker to update regardless of whether or not the run was faster than the currently recorded time. Those stat tracker values should now only update when a faster time is achieved.
Ghost Cosmetics

Colossus Helmet Projection now displays properly.
Platforms and Systems
PC
PC performance optimizations for AMD RX series GPUs.
Fixed a crash bug when launching on Intel Integrated Graphics systems.
PlayStation
Fixed a bug where content verification would trigger Beagle errors on PlayStation 5 and require a reinstall.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.2.0.3
Activities
Free Roam
Added an energy barrier to the Scavenger's Den Lost Sector on EDZ, while on Legend or Master difficulty, to prevent skipping most of the encounters.
The Empty Tank Lost Sector on Tangled Shore now rewards the correct Exotic gear, in line with the other Lost Sectors' reward rotation.
Raids
Vault of Glass armor mods now appear in the Collections tab.
Fixed an issue where players could kill Atheon by tethering Supplicants as they self-destruct.
Fixed an issue where players could kill Atheon in the Future Venus portal before starting the encounter.
Fixed an issue where players could break Minotaur shields in the Gatekeeper encounter by using Prometheus Lens.
Fixed an issue where Aegis Relic blocking ability was not continuously blocking damage.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Path of the Burning Steps no longer grants a stack of its buff on becoming slowed by Stasis, only when becoming encased.
Star-Eater Scales
Now correctly grants its damage bonus while the player is standing in a Well of Radiance.
The status icon for Feast of Light now correctly scales up to x8, gaining one stack per Orb picked up.
Fixed an issue when calculating Super bonus damage. Having 4 stacks of Feast of Light will grant a 55% bonus to Super damage, and having a full 8 stacks will grant a 70% bonus to Super damage. For context, the original formula at the start of the Season was a 60% bonus to damage at 4 stacks.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where the Roar of the Wyrm ornament for Whisper of the Worm Exotic's geometry would disappear when walking against walls.
Bounties and Pursuits
Fixed an issue where projectile melee ability kills weren't counting toward progress for Step 4 of the Iron-Handed Diplomacy quest.
Fixed an issue where the Capture Completionist Triumph would not properly unlock for some players.
Abilities
General Stasis

Stasis Freeze

Reduced duration of all non-Super freezes vs. players to 1.35s.
Note: This freeze is too short to break out of, so breaking out is now only possible when frozen by a Super.
Reduced Special-weapon, Heavy-weapon, and Light-ability bonus damage vs. frozen players from +50% to +5%.
Stasis Slow

No longer reduces weapon accuracy.
Now increases weapon flinch when under fire.
No longer suppresses class ability and air moves (e.g., Icarus Dash).
Known issue: The Stormcaller's Ionic Blink is still suppressed when slowed. We plan to address this in a future release.
Reduced movement speed penalty while slowed by ~20%.
Whisper of Hedrons Fragment

No longer increases weapon damage after freezing.
Now increases weapon stability, weapon aim assist, Mobility, Resilience, and Recovery after freezing.
Whisper of Rime Fragment

No longer provides overshield while in Super.
Coldsnap Grenade

Seeker no longer tracks targets after initial target acquisition.
Increased arming duration before seeker spawns from 0.3s to 0.8s.
Reduced detonation radius vs. players from 3m to 1.5m.
Now bounces off walls and detonates on the ground.
Titan Behemoth

Shiver Strike

Reduced flight speed and distance.
Reduced knockback vs. players.
Removed slow detonation on player impact.
Cryoclasm

Now requires the Titan to sprint for 1.25s before activation when not in Super.
Removed cooldown.
Howl of the Storm

Reduced angle of initial freezing/damage cone.
Reduced crystal-creation freezing radius.
Slowed down sequence of crystal formation to allow victims more opportunity to escape.
Now spawns a small crystal on walls if performed into walls.
Glacial Quake

Reduced heavy slam vertical freeze range vs. players.
Reduced damage resistance from 50% to 47%.
Hunter Revenant

Withering Blade

Reduced slow duration vs. players from 2.5s to 1.5s.
Reduced Whisper of Durance slow-duration extension vs. players from 2s to 0.5s.
Reduced damage vs. players from 65 to 45 (after one bounce reduced further to 30).
Reduced projectile speed by 10%.
Reduced tracking after bouncing off a wall.
Winter's Shroud

Reduced slow duration vs. players from 2.5s to 1.5s.
Reduced Whisper of Durance slow-duration extension vs. players from 2s to 0.5s.
Touch of Winter

Coldsnap seeker no longer has increased movement speed or travel distance.
Coldsnap seeker now spawns a small Stasis crystal on detonation.
Warlock Shadebinder

Penumbral Blast

Reduced tracking and proximity detonation size and tracking vs. players.
Reduced freeze radius vs. players when impacting the environment from 2.7m to 1.5m.
Iceflare Bolts

Seeker now only chains once when spawned from a player shatter.
Winter's Wrath

Freezing-projectile tracking strength now ramps down to 0 after 2s of flight.
Rewards
Seasonal reward sources (including locked Override chests and the weekly vendor challenge) now correctly contain Seasonal class armor items and have been updated to reduce the frequency of getting duplicate items in succession.
The Iron Banner Machine Gun and Shotgun now drop from the Iron Banner engram.
Vault of Glass director tooltip will retain its Pinnacle drop notification for classes that have not yet cleared it each week, as drops will still be available.
Vault of Glass secret chests are now properly dropping Titan and Warlock armor.
Vault of Glass vendor purchase of the Templar package no longer occasionally grants incorrect weapons or armor.
Vault of Glass vendor purchase of the Templar package is no longer locking itself out due to incorrectly detecting if the player has obtained all of its possible results for the current character class.
Vault of Glass vendor purchases of Conflux, Gatekeeper, and Atheon packages now correctly grant armor when such a result is rolled, instead of nothing.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.2.0.2
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Fixed an issue where Recovery-focused Umbral Engrams would sometimes not award armor with a sufficiently high Recovery stat.
Fixed issues where some Common, Uncommon, and Rare armors would provide stat bonuses when used as ornaments as a part of Armor Synthesis.
Energy Accelerant mod:
No longer increases damage against players.
No longer increases the base damage of Symmetry, Telesto, Black Talon, and Deathbringer.
Telesto has also received another sternly worded lecture.
Sundering Blast no longer causes Overload champions to exit their stun state when damaged by the explosion created by the mod.
Fixed an issue where Star-Eater Scales was erroneously applying its damage bonus to weapons and grenades instead of only Supers as intended.
Increased the maximum number of stacks required for the full damage bonus from four stacks to eight stacks.
Fixed an issue where players could spawn too many noble seekers with Boots of the Assembler by stepping in and out of a Rift.
When Warlocks wearing Boots of the Assembler are extending the duration of a Rift, class ability regeneration pauses.
Design note: The reason for this change was both to prevent game crashes caused by too many rifts being placed in a single activity, and to restore some of the advantage to running Sanguine Alchemy over Boots of the Assembler.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where the catalyst for Cryosthesia 77K was incorrectly accruing progress from energy weapon kills.
Fixed an issue where the catalyst Triumph for Cryosthesia 77K was being displayed in the wrong weapon category.
Fixed an issue where Cryosthesia 77K could fire multiple freeze shots without losing the charged shot buff.
Fixed an issue where existing drops of THE SWARM with Unrelenting switched to Bottomless Grief.
This fix only works in cases where players didn't select the Bottomless Grief node.
Accessories
Fixed an issue that prevented the Vie for Glory Sparrow from taking shaders.
Power and Progression
Fixed an issue where the reward for completing the weekly Vendor Challenge on the Splicer Servitor did not reward Pinnacle gear as advertised.
Upon completion, the weekly Vendor Challenge should now reward a Pinnacle piece of Seasonal gear.
Fixed an issue where completing Presage as a weekly Activity Challenge was not rewarding Pinnacle gear.
UI/UX
Fixed an issue where the Armor Synthesis ornament creation tutorial does not show up for Titan characters when reaching the armor ornament creation step.
General
Players will no longer be able to claim the 150 Synthstrand from Ada-1 during the NUX quest if their inventory is full.
This will prevent players from losing the material and they will need to clear out inventory space to claim their Synthstrand.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.2.0.1
Activities
Free Roam
Removed Vex Oracles and a Minotaur which were spawned at the end of the Kingship Dock Lost Sector on Tangled Shore.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
Fixed an issue where applying certain shaders to the Hunter Guardian Games ornament would cause it to glow too brightly and dim out other armor items.
Dreaming City Reverie Dawn armor now correctly includes the full list of shaders a player has unlocked in its shader socket.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where The Last Word ornaments had different recoil behavior than the base version.
Abilities
Fixed an issue where Bleak Watcher could allow players to continue using Winter's Wrath even after running out of Super energy.
Bleak Watcher Aspect has now been reenabled.
Power and Progression
Fixed an issue where the Deep Stone Crypt activity node advertises the weekly challenge provides a Pinnacle drop instead of a Powerful drop.
General
Fixed an issue where the Special Finisher mod could be purchased from Ada-1 more than once.
Localization
Fixed an issue where audio was cutting off when interacting with specific NPCs, affecting multiple languages.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.2.0.0
General
Fixed an issue that was causing some players to crash when signing in.
Fixed an issue where some players were able to access Cross Play early.

Destiny 2 Update 3.2.0
Activities
General
Four Lost Sectors have been added to the daily rotation of Legend or Master difficulty Lost Sectors!
Fixed case-by-case issues with unresponsive or clumping combatants across various activities.
Fixed an issue that could prevent AI enemies from firing in some 6-player activities when there are a lot of enemies alive in the area.
Crucible
6v6 Crucible activities have an updated intro experience.
You can now cycle through your teammates to view metrics associated with the activity you're entering.
Momentum Control and Team Scorched have returned and will be available as part of the weekly playlist rotation.
Adjusted The Dead Cliff's spawn points so that players are no longer placed on the edge of the cliff on match start.
Fixed defeat audio sound for teammate defeats in private matches and in Showdown.
Disabled mercy rule in private matches.
Players can now join a private match in progress at any time, regardless of team scores or time remaining.
Fixed inaccessible Heavy ammo placements on Distant Shore, Bannerfall, Widow's Court, and Altar of Flame.
Gambit
Fixed a rare issue that could result in fronts not rotating due to a single living enemy hiding at a previously cleared front on the other side of the map.
Fixed an incorrect wave progression on Legion's Folly (Vex).
Fixed an issue where a Scorn Abomination could become friendly and start attacking other Scorn.
Fixed an issue where dropped motes would disappear immediately if the opposing team summoned their primeval.
Fixed an issue where combatants in the Deep Six Gambit map would sometimes fail to move around or take cover.
Fixed an issue that was allowing Warlock players to exploit Blink related abilities to remain on the opposing side during invasions in Gambit.
New Light Campaign
Improved the explanations in some tutorial messages.
Tutorial messages will no longer pop up to distract players during Crucible and Gambit matches.
Fixed an issue where players could abandon the 'A Spark of Hope' quest and not be able to recover it from the Quest Archive vendor in the Tower.
Destination Patrol
The Moon:
Fixed an issue where some quest enemies in Moon free roam would immediately respawn after being defeated.
 Fixed an issue where the Hive Rune could be missing from one of the stones from a chest puzzle on the Moon.
Fixed an issue where some of the chest puzzles on the Moon weren't appearing.
Cosmodrome:
Shaw Han now offers repeatable Cosmodrome bounties.
Fixed an issue where players could get stuck behind the boss portal in the Veles Labyrinth Lost Sector.
The Hive under the helicopters in the Divide will now always be that Ogre who first killed you back in 2014.
All forgotten dead Ghosts left around the Cosmodrome have been removed and properly laid to rest.
The Grottos now has player containment volumes around its water boundaries.
Dreaming City:
Fixed an issue where filling up your quest/bounty slots could result in players losing an 'A Small Gift' pursuit awarded to them.
Strikes
Fallen S.A.B.E.R.:
During the first encounter inside Rasputin's bunker, the death volume inside the bottomless pits has been lowered to give players a chance to recover.
Sped up the transition from orbit briefing dialog to the gameplay by a few seconds.
Fixed an issue where dialog lines from the previous area's public events could play during the Warsat encounter.
Player's Ghosts now immediately revive when the strike ends.
The first fireteam member to enter the Warsat area should now reliably see the Warsat falling - be careful!
The Devil's Lair:
Removed some objects that could be interacted with but had no effect.
Fixed an issue where players could get stuck in the air during the Sepiks Prime boss fight when using Thundercrash.
Fixed an issue where Sepiks Prime was taking more damage than intended.
Inverted Spire:
As the boss fight progresses to lower layers, any player's Ghost left above will now spawn on the current layer.
Warden of Nothing:
Fixed an issue where the number of champions killed was not always being tracked correctly.
Fixed an issue where some Cabal champions were missing from the arena fight in the ruins of the old Prison of Elders.
The Corrupted:
Fixed an issue where players could get stuck behind in the Ogre room if other members of the fireteam ran too far ahead of them.
The Disgraced:
Fixed an issue where players who had completed the New Light campaign would always hear the New Light dialogue during the strike instead of the normal dialogue.
Fixed issues where players could get locked out of the boss room and joining players could spawn in too far behind their fireteam.
Proving Grounds:
Fixed an issue where the strike name was written as Proving Ground.
Public Events
Stop the Ether Ritual:
Fixed an issue where the UI wouldn't always display that you had engaged with the public event.
Hive Ritual:
Fixed an issue where players would engage with the public event simply by being in the same area on the Moon.
Raids
Deep Stone Crypt:
Fixed an issue where players could hop off Sparrows to reset the fire in the basement of the Crypt Security encounter.
Fixed an issue where players can avoid having the Rally Banner removed after starting the final encounter.
Fixed an exploit where players can complete the Atraks-1 challenge mode by having players sucked out of the airlock.
Fixed an issue where players were able to trigger a quarantine in the Crypt Security encounter by using a finisher on combatants.
Garden of Salvation:
Fixed an issue where some music would fail to play while on the Divinity quest.
The Last Wish:
Fixed an issue where Riven could start the wipe cast 20 seconds faster if she went to a certain side.
Dungeons
Pit of Heresy:
Fixed an issue that allowed the carry-object to be duplicated when dunking.
UI/UX
Removed display cap on Player Waypoint Season Rank. Waypoint will now show player's actual Season Rank when it's above 999.
Season Rank now shows up in player nameplate tooltips.
Gilded Title gilding count displays on in-game player waypoints.
Fixed an issue where some non-Gildable Seals were displaying with Gilding UI.
Fixed an issue where the sound effect when gilding a title would not sync with animation.
Moved fireteam privacy button in roster layout.
Reduced dismantle time and improved dismantle efficiency on some older Fizzled items and currencies.
Tooltips for items in Triumphs tab no longer display 'Triumph' for all types found within Record tab.
Lore, Metric, etc. are all appropriately named.
Several changes to Nav Mode:
Separated Bounties from Quests in Nav Mode.
All Bounties now appear in Nav Mode. They can no longer be Tracked as a result.
Category switching on keyboard and mouse can now be controlled with the scroll wheel.
Tracked Triumph now appears in its own Nav Mode category.
H.E.L.M. now appears in the Director Destinations tab (moved from the Tower map) and has its own map.
Legends added to the Director Destinations tab.
Shortcut between HUD quest step notifications and quest details screen added for keyboard and mouse users.
Updated loading hints regarding anti-Champion modifications.
Appearance Customization has been added to the Vanity screen (below the Character screen).
Players are now able to fully customize their armors shaders and ornaments from this screen.
Players are also now able to unlock the appearances of any armor they have obtained using Clas Specific or MTX Tokens (Synthweave Bolts or Synthweave Template).
Players are now able to apply shaders to all their armor at once via the Overview tab.
Players are now able to preview shaders/ornaments on multiple pieces at once within the Appearance Customization screen.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor
In Season of the Hunt, many armor mods were deprecated as a result of the change to the energy types of all weapon-focused armor mods being changed to Any Energy Type. The pre-Armor 2.0 version of these perks have also been deprecated.
The Mindvault ornament can now be equipped on the Year-1 version of the Insurmountable Skullfort.
Fixed an issue that was resulting in feminine character models utilizing masculine character model hands during certain cinematic scenes (e.g., gear and character preview screens) which was resulting in the hands visibly clipping through the gear wrap bits.
Telesto will no longer incorrectly trigger the Death Throes perk of the Verity's Brow Exotic.
Khepri's Sting will no longer grant Truesight when affected by another Guardian's smoke bomb invisibility.
Felwinter's Helm will no longer cause 2020 Solstice armor glows to default to Void, regardless of the player's current subclass.
The Heavy Handed mod will now correctly work with the Shiver Strike melee.
The Assassin's Cowl, Severance Enclosure, and Felwinter's Helm Exotics now trigger their effects on Stasis-powered melee takedowns.
Severance Enclosure and Felwinter's Helm now create their effects at the location of the enemy defeated by a powered melee, instead of originating at the player's location.
Added a full suite of Trace Rifle-focused armor mods to the game.
Removed the Infusion Caps from all Legendary armor pieces issued or reissued in Season of the Worthy or later.
Armor sets issued in Season of the Worthy and Season of Arrivals have had their Legacy armor mod socket replaced with a Combat Style armor mod socket.
Weapons
Removed the Infusion Caps from all Legendary weapons issued or reissued in Season of the Worthy or later.
Weapon Archetypes
Nerfs:
Aggressive (120 rpm) Hand Cannons now have damage and aim assist falloff distance reduced by between 2 and 4 meters based on range stat.
This roughly halves the range buff they received in Beyond Light.
Vortex Frame Sword full energy Heavy attack ammo cost increased from 4 to 6.
Removed chip damage from Swords.
Buffs:
Increased Precision (450 rpm) Auto Rifle damage per bullet from 17 to 18.
Added a rare Linear Fusion Rifle and Breech Grenade Launcher to the world loot pool.
Increased Linear Fusion Rifle precision damage by 15%, and increased reserve ammo by 20%.
Increased damage falloff start distance for Fusion Rifles, no effect on 100 range stat, +2m on 0 range stat.
Perks
Nerfs:
Quickdraw Handling bonus is now removed after 1s after switching to this weapon, or on aiming down sights.
Replaced Quickdraw with Surplus on new and existing drops of Felwinter's Lie and Astral Horizon.
Frenzy bonus damage reduced from +20% to +15%.
Reservoir Burst now increases magazine size in addition to its other effects, reduced full battery bonus damage from 33% to 25%.
Buffs:
Subsistence no longer reduces reserve ammunition and Submachine Guns now receive the same ammo fraction per takedown that Auto Rifles do.
High-Impact Reserves and Under Pressure are now active as long as their conditions are met (used to trigger on projectile fire).
Unrelenting now more easily triggers in PvE (immediate trigger on orange bars) and heals 20% more.
Sympathetic Arsenal now grants +20 reload in addition to its primary effect.
Dragonfly now works on Heavy Shanks and Servitors, and occurs even faster than after the Season of the Chosen change.
Hipfire Grip gains +1 degrees precision hip fire angle threshold, +1.2x reticule stickiness falloff distance (increase from the Season of Arrivals buff).
Iron Grip, Iron Gaze, Iron Reach secondary stat penalty reduced from -40 to -30.
Osmosis and Elemental Capacitor now works when playing a Stasis subclass.
Elemental Capacitor with a Stasis subclass grants +recoil direction and reduces ADS move speed penalty.
No Distractions trigger time reduced from 1.5s to 1s and flinch reduction increased from 30% to 35%.
Celerity now always grants +20 handling and +20 reload in addition to the triggered effect.
Bottomless Grief now always grants +30 magazine stat in addition to the triggered effect.
Mods
Adept Mag and Adept Targeting secondary stat penalty reduced from -20 to -15, fixed Adept Mag not granting reserves when applied to a Sword.
Adept Counterbalance has increased recoil direction benefit.
Exotics
Mida Multitool catalyst perk changed from Outlaw to No Distractions.
Hawkmoon has increased priority of Paracausal Charge and Paracausal Shot buff text (this was sometimes dropping off the bottom of the list).
The Lament has reduced damage of revved Heavy attack by ~16%.
Bastion chip damage removed and instead intrinsically staggers Unstoppable Champions. Increased spread angle by 13%.
Ticuu's Divination is now acquirable through the Monument to Lost Lights kiosk in the Tower.
Bug fixes
Surrounded perk buff will no longer linger when using Surrounded Spec mod.
Fixed an issue where Symmetry was able to cause damage to friendly teammates in Crucible using its alternate-fire mode.
Fixed an issue where precision Hand Cannons would show down arrow on magazine stat when applying a Backup Mag mod.
Fixed an issue where magazine size would always display a green increase arrow even when the magazine decreases on Temporal Clause.
Fixed an issue where thresh would trigger a generic buff SFX on each kill, even if Super energy is full.
Fixed and issue where Cloudstrike could trigger the lightning storm even if shooting invulnerable targets.
Fixed an issue where Bad Juju's emissive color was white instead of its normal green.
Fixed an issue where Summoner Auto Rifle's emissive color was white instead of its normal orange.
Fixed an issue where Seventh Seraph Shotgun ornament had artifacting near the bolt.
Fixed an issue where Adored Sniper Rifle was using Beyond Light Watermark instead of Season of the Hunt Watermark.
Fixed and issue where MIDA Multi-Tool had animation popping in first person when coming out of a sprint.
Fixed an issue where Adept Mag did not work on Sola's Scar.
Power and Progression
The Infusion Cap for weapons and armor has risen 10 points. All sources will now offer upgrades up to 1260, Powerful sources up to 1310, and Pinnacle sources will go to 1320.
Bounties and Pursuits
The Exo Stranger has a new Stasis Aspect quest available.
Requires Beyond Light ownership, campaign completion, and acquisition of all prior Stasis Aspects from the Stranger.
Fixed an issue where Step 2 of the Born in Darkness Part 2 quest unintentionally changed to only require using Stasis abilities against 30 combatants instead of the original 60. The objective has been returned to the original value. Players who have not yet completed this quest step will have to use Stasis abilities against 60 combatants.
Weapon-focused bounties now cycle on a weekly rotation instead of random.
Fixed an issue where Eris Morn's post-campaign Memories quests weren't showing on her map marker.
Fixed an issue where the reward chest had no waypoint, making it easy to miss.
Zavala, Shaxx, and Drifter have new daily and repeatable stasis bounties available.
Gambit daily bounty and all three repeatable bounties require Stasis subclass acquisition.
Abilities, Aspects, and Fragments
Fixed a bug that was making the Hunter Arcstrider's Way of the Warrior Combat Flow perk behave inconsistently.
Colorblind Support
Stasis abilities now have colorblind support:
Enemy Crystals
Enemy Squall
Enemy Duskfield
Enemy Bleak Watcher
Player highlighting in Crucible now has colorblind support.
Subclass Tuning
Hunters:
The freeze detonation from Silence & Squall has been reduced from 12m to 8.5m in radius.
Enemy Squall now has a red ring to define its area as it approaches.
Titans:
Shiver Strike melee energy is now refunded when Glacial Quake ends.
Fixed an issue in which players can trigger Whisper of Torment by standing in an opponent's Barricade.
Warlocks:
Shadebinder
Bleak Watcher Aspect now grants two fragment slots.
Chaos Reach
Fixed an issue with Chaos Reach Super that was allowing it to penetrate some thin walls or objects enough to damage and kill opponents on the other side.
Combatants
Reduced the health of the Fallen Dropship turrets.
Stat Trackers
Added stat trackers for each Seal that can be gilded, tracking how many times the Seal has been gilded.
Seasonal Challenges
The Well-Rested tooltip has been updated to direct players to Seasonal Challenges rather than Weekly Bounties.
Added a Past header category for Seasonal Challenges, and moved any Season of the Chosen Seasonal Challenges with weapon, reputation, or lore rewards to the Season of the Chosen category under the Past.
All other Season of the Chosen Seasonal Challenges are no longer available.
Added a new XP reward size for Seasonal Challenges.
Shaders
Shaders are now unlockable items and no longer consumed upon application.
Shaders no longer exist within the Inventory and can now be found within Collections.
Any shader that has been unlocked in Collections can be applied to weapons or armor for the cost of 500 Glimmer.
Existing shaders held in player Inventories, Vaults, and at the Postmaster have been removed.
Season Pass
Updated tooltip to inform players purchasing Season Pass ranks at rank 99, does NOT provide progress past rank 100.
Seasonal armor will no longer drop from the Season Pass.
Seasonal armor is now available exclusively through Seasonal activities and Seasonal Rank bonuses.
Updated Season Pass Rank Rewards:
Free:
Rank 5 - 25 Legendary Shards
Rank 10 - 25 Legendary Shards
Rank 15 - 5 Enhancement Cores
Rank 20 - Exotic Engram
Rank 25 - Legendary Engram
Premium:
Rank 14 - 25 Legendary Shards
Rank 15 - 5 Enhancement Cores
Rank 17 - 10,000 Glimmer
Rank 24 - Legendary Engram
Rank 27 - 5 Enhancement Cores
Rank 34 - 3 Upgrade Modules
Rank 37 - 10,000 Glimmer
Rank 44 - 25 Legendary Shards
Rank 47 - 3 Upgrade Modules
Rank 54 - Exotic Engram
Rank 57 - 5 Enhancement Cores
Valor, Infamy, and Glory
Glory, Valor, and Infamy reputations have had their internal systems rebuilt to a unified implementation. In-game, players should expect minimal perceived changes.
Unified Glory, Valor, and Infamy rank reputation tracking.
Before Forsaken, Glory and Valor had only Major ranks (Guardian, Brave, etc.).
After Forsaken, Glory and Valor gained sub-ranks (Brave I, II, III) alongside Infamy. However, all the historical tracking (Lifetime Ranks) and quest usage still used the original Major ranks.
Now, the sub-ranks are now referred to simply as Ranks, and all usage has been converted to use them where appropriate. (I.e., all lifetime values and quest targets have been multiplied by three.)
Glory playlists no longer block Valor win streaks from declining.
The Valor badge now appears on the Trials launch screen.
Infamy win streak bonus is now linear (+35 points per win).
Glory win streak bonus is now linear (+20 points per win).
Valor and Glory gains and rewards are now blocked by the PvP Banhammer.
You are now no longer able to reset Valor or Infamy if you have a full stack of Ascendant Shards.
Infamy rank reward Bygones is now available without restriction.
Infamy rank reward Distant Relation is available if it has never been acquired before.
Ada-1 has returned to the Tower with a variety of new offerings.
Once the Seasonal introductory quest is completed, players can visit Ada-1 to pick up Armor Synthesis Bounties to earn materials for up to 10 Armor Synthesis per class per Season.
Banshee-44 no longer offers Armor mods and will instead offer a selection of Weapon mods which will rotate daily.
When Xur's inventory includes an Exotic armor piece with a perk effect that depends on the use of a particular ability, that armor piece should more reliably come with a higher stat value in the stat that governs the cooldown of that ability.
Focused Umbral Engrams and Prismatic Recaster
Focused Umbral Engrams now auto-decrypt when obtained via the Prismatic Recaster.
The visual states for Focusing options on the Prismatic Recaster have been streamlined to reduce visual clutter and confusion.
Platforms and Systems
Added motion blur, chromatic aberration, and film grain settings options to Xbox One and PS4.
General
Fixed a bug that was preventing Sparrow cleanup when the rider exited the game unexpectedly.
Fixed an issue causing gear in the Destiny Content Vault to erroneously drop from strike-unique loot lists.
Sparrows no longer time out after seven seconds and can now stay in the world semi-indefinitely.
Just please be respectful where you park them.
Players can now easily filter the offerings in the Eververse Storefront Archive tab.
Offerings have increased to 200+ items in the Archive.
Store tab now displays a sheen when Bright Engrams are available for decrypting.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.1.1.3
Activities
The Tower

Fixed an occasional crash that would result in a Calabrese error.
Gameplay and Investment
Armor

Fixed an issue where the Titan Contender Eververse armor set would make Titans invisible in first person.
Fixed an issue where Warlock Guardian Games armor would lose its glow when some shader items are socketed.
Guardian Games

Fixed an issue where Daily Guardian Games bounties could not be repurchased on subsequent days after being completed.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.1.1.2
Activities
Strike: Proving Grounds

Fixed an issue where players could get out of bounds during the Proving Grounds boss fight.
Players must now take on the Right of Proving from an even playing field.
Crucible

Fixed an issue where Heavy ammo spawned under the Distant Shore map in some game modes
Gameplay and Investment
Bounties and Pursuits

Fixed an issue impacting the glyph puzzles for the Xenophage Exotic quest chain.
The Hive glyphs will now correctly react and respond when shot with semi-auto, burst, automatic, or energy weapon variants.
Triumphs

Fixed an issue where the The Insight Terminus Nightfall Triumph wasn't counting progress.
Rewards

Fixed an issue where Guardian Games Ghosts were removed from inventory.
Alongside this hotfix, players who lost Guardian Games Ghosts will receive replacements upon log-in.
If your Inventory is full when entering orbit, Ghosts will be forwarded to the Postmaster.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.1.1.1
Activities
Presage

Fixed an issue where players could respawn into the void, instantly bringing an end to their feeble attempts to survive this activity at Master difficulty.
Wrathborn Hunts

Fixed an issue where "Immune" text appears when players deal damage to the High Celebrant.
Destinations

Fixed an issue where players would die instantly if they stood in a particular spot of the Quitter's Well in Tangled Shore.
Fixed an issue that prevented Scan and Heroic VIP patrols from appearing on Europa.
Battlegrounds

Fixed an issue where players could regenerate infinite Super energy from teammates running through hallways.
Fixed an issue where players would incorrectly receive an "online privileges" dialog when trying to launch specific Battlegrounds activities or the Battlegrounds playlist with a fireteam member who hadn't unlocked the activity.
Fixed an issue where the Cabal Pyro Flamethrower projectile generated a lot of network usage, leading to strange combatant behaviors within Battlegrounds activities.
UI/UX
General

Fixed an issue where the Prismatic Recaster was not displaying all available engram types on a single page.
Gameplay
Armor

Updated Mantle of Battle Harmony to function in PvP.
Grants small amount of super energy when defeating Guardians with weapons matching the damage type of your Super.
Grants small damage bonus when defeating enemies with weapons matching the damage type of your Super while your Super is full, but at a shorter duration than when you defeat combatants in PvE.
Weapons

Fixed an issue that caused Eyes of Tomorrow to do less damage than intended against yellow bar enemies.
Fixed an issue where Guardians could embrace their darker side and damage their teammates using the Frenzy perk.
Added Unrelenting as a possible perk for THE SWARM Machine Gun.
Hunters

Shatterdive
Removed damage resistance from Shatterdive.
Added a 4s cooldown between activations of Shatterdive.
Withering Blade
Decreased Withering Blade damage against players from 90 to 65 damage. PvE damage is unchanged.
Decreased Withering Blade slow stacks applied to players from 60 to 40 stacks. PvE slow stacks are unchanged.
Decreased the target acquisition range of Withering Blade after it impacts a player from 12m to 8m. Range after impacting PvE enemies is unchanged.
Titans

Glacial Quake
Removed AoE freeze against players on Super cast. Will still freeze PvE enemies on cast.
Reduced damage resistance while in Super from 60 percent to 50 percent.
Increased the energy cost of using Shiver Strike while in Glacial Quake from three percent to seven percent Super energy.
Using the combo of a Shiver Strike into a Heavy slam attack will now cost the full Super energy of both the Shiver Strike and the slam (this previously only cost energy for the slam).
Shiver Strike
Increased downwards velocity applied to Shiver Striking players when they are slowed to more quickly pull them out of the air.
Fixed an issue where Shiver Strike (or Thundercrash) could get the player stuck against soft ceilings in Crucible maps.
Warlocks

Winter's Wrath
Improved tracking of Winter's Wrath projectiles, now tracking strength decays from its max value over 10s instead of 2.2s.
Increased the size of the Warlock Super projectile's proximity detonation radius 1.5m - 1.65m.
The proximity detonation now starts at its largest and scales down to 40 percent over time.
Penumbral Blast
Decreased Penumbral Blast damage against players from 80 to 30 damage. PvE damage is unchanged.
Iceflare Bolts
Fixed a bug where Iceflare Bolts would continuously try to switch targets.
Increased target acquisition range of Iceflare Bolts by 33 percent.
Increased turning speed of Iceflare Bolts so they can more effectively hit nearby targets.
Chaos Reach
Decreased the amount of Super energy refunded when cancelling Chaos Reach early.
General Stasis Tuning

Duskfield Grenade
Reduced how strongly Duskfield Grenade pulls players inwards, effectively reducing the pull range from 9.5m to ~6m. PvE pull impulse is unchanged.
Reduced the slow stacks applied to players by the grenade detonation from 20 to 10 stacks. Detonation slow stacks are unchanged in PvE.
Reduced the slow stacks applied to players on each tick of the grenade from ten to five stacks. Per-tick slow stacks are unchanged in PvE.
Adjusted the UI presentation of the "Slowed" status to display slow stacks as X/100 instead of X/10, to increase readability when adding slow stack amounts that are fewer than ten.
Stasis Crystals
Reduced crystal shatter damage against players from (85 max, 55min) to (55 max, 25 min). PvE damage is unchanged.
Whisper of Chains
Reduced Whisper of Chains damage resistance bonus while in Super from 25 percent to five percent. Damage resistance when not in Super is unchanged. This only affects damage from other Guardians.
Investment
Stasis Fragment Quests

Significantly reduced objective completion values for all Crucible fragment quests.
Bounties and Pursuits

Fixed an issue where players could earn Exotic Cyphers with a full inventory, resulting in the loss of their reward.
Triumphs

Fixed an issue that prevented the "Trash the Thresher" Triumph from completing even when the conditions were met.
Stat Trackers

Reset raid completion time stat trackers for any player who has exactly five minutes time recorded in the stat tracker.
Rewards

Fixed an issue that prevented bad luck protection for Eyes of Tomorrow from accumulating properly on accounts where players raided on multiple characters.
Additional details can be found in the This Week at Bungie - 3/18/2021 article.
Fixed issues with the Frozen in Time ornament for the Exotic Pulse Rifle No Time To Explain.
The ornament will no longer display "Exclusive Item" which prevented players from socketing it.
Chosen Seal and Title Requirements

Replaced the "Bound in Memory" Triumph with "All the Scattered Memories" to ensure players who missed a week of playing the Presage activity could earn the seal before the Season ended.

Destiny 2 Update 3.1.1
Activities
Crucible
Fixed an issue in Trials of Osiris where the I Am Invincible medal was appearing for all players when one player earned it.
The medal wasn't actually awarded to the players who didn't earn it, they just incorrectly got the UI popup as if it had been.
Fixed an issue where restricted players were incorrectly unable to access Crucible and Gambit private matches.
Fixed an issue where there was no audio cue playing when an enemy player was revived in a Trials match.
Cosmodrome
Fixed an issue on Exodus Garden 2A where players could skip the first barrier by going out of environment.
Dreaming City
Fixed an issue where region chest icons would remain on the map after finding the chest.
Battleground: Foothold
Fixed a dropship issue that was causing some poor performance.
This should slightly improve performance during the boss encounter when the dropships arrive.
Battleground: Behemoth
Made key item names more consistent during the activity.
Fixed an issue where the closing dialog would run longer than the ending timer of the activity.
General Battlegrounds Fixes
Player positioning is locked during Tribute Chest slam animations. Should reduce the likelihood of killing teammates while opening Chests.
Fixed an issue where volatile cells would noticeably clip into the players arm.
Strikes
Fallen S.A.B.E.R.:
Fixed an issue where the strike Boss would not spawn until all players were alive and present.
Improved objective waypoint behavior.
Fixed some grammatical errors in player-directive text.
Fixed an issue where Zavala's dialog in the first area could play multiple times.
Fixed a bug where a Fallen energy shield could be seen sticking out of a wall.
Devil's Lair:
Sepiks Prime now has a Boss health bar.
Fixed some floating environment objects.
Fixed an issue where some monster spawn points looked like accessible doorways to players.
Fixed an issue where an Overload Captain could spawn with the wrong name.
Fixed an issue where the Fallen Walker and Fallen Brigs could respawn after they were defeated.
Fixed an issue where physics was missing from a wall early in the strike, allowing players to get lost out of environment.
Last Wish
Fixed a bug where players that died after slamming the Heart could repeatedly spawn outside of the area and die.
Fixed an issue where Creeping Darkness wouldn't kill players.
Garden of Salvation
Fixed an issue where Tether Hubs could accept tethers when shielded.
Gameplay and Investment
Fragments
Updated description strings for Whisper of Torment and Whisper Fractures fragments.
Replaced "combatants" with "targets" to clarify that these fragments are applicable in both PvE and PvP activities.
Armor
Fixed an issue with the Linear Actuators perk for Dunemarchers was not triggering properly.
The perk now behaves as expected, triggering on each/subsequent melee strike after an appropriate amount of sprint time.
Font of Might no longer displays a generic "Damage Boost" string when its benefit is active.
Fixed a bug where Mantle of Battle Harmony and Omnioculus were not displaying their flavor text.
Omioculus also no longer grants melee energy when making only yourself invisible under some circumstances.
Cuirass of the Falling Star no longer grants an Overshield when used with Supers other than Thundercrash.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where flavor text wasn't appearing for several Seasonal weapons.
Added rumble to the end of the reload for Dead Man's Tale.
Adjusted Riskrunner perk VFX that were causing epileptic issues.
Reduced Arbalest's aim assist, making it harder to hit headshots in Crucible.
Set the Frenzy and Cranial Spike perks to use the correct buff icons.
Fixed the missing kill feed icon on Ticuu's Divination.
Slightly increased drop rates for ritual specific weapons in Gambit, Strikes, and Crucible.
We are planning additional changes for a future season, so stay tuned!
Bounties and Pursuits
On the Offensive New Light Quest:
Fixed an issue where the text in step 2 of 4 still referenced weekly bounties.
Rebalanced step 2 so that daily bounties grant the most efficient progress.
Battlegrounds:
Players will now be refunded Cabal Gold when swapping Challenger Medallions.
Triumphs
Fixed an issue where completing the Forfeit Shrine Ascendant Challenge quickly wouldn't grant the Triumph for completing it quickly.
Fixed an issue where completing the Agonarch Abyss Ascendant Challenge wouldn't grant the Triumph for completion.
Fixed an issue where completing the Ouroborea Ascendant Challenge wouldn't grant the Triumph for completion.
Fixed an issue where Paradii, the Vigilant and Bakken, the Relentless could fail to spawn in the Blind Well area, blocking completion of the Double Trouble Triumph.
Platforms and Systems
Added quick launch Activity Cards for PlayStation 5.
Fixed and issue where some users were missing friends or clan members in their roster on PlayStation 5.
General
Fixed an issue where players would see incorrect spaceflight transitions when launching certain maps during Iron Banner or Trials of Osiris.
Fixed an issue where players with their Ghost out while scanning an object will instead summon their Sparrow.
Fixed an issue where players were able to cram 12 people into activity that clearly couldn't handle the might of that many Guardians.
Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.1.0.2
Activities
Battlegrounds

Fixed an issue where beneficial modifiers were not functioning in Battlegrounds activities.
Fixed an issue where some Colossus combatants would become lost on the battlefield.
Fixed an issue where some combatant names were mistranslated in Korean.
Presage

Fixed an issue where players would be respawned in unfavorable areas leading to numerous deaths.
Fixed an issue where players could launch their first Presage activity without it's associated quest.
When players attempt to launch the mission without the quest, there will not be error text explaining why. We plan to fix this issue in a future update.
Additionally, players may still launch their first Master activity without the Catalyst quest. We plan to fix this issue in a future update.
Gameplay and Investment
Abilities

Penumbral Blast detonation damage increased to 80 base damage, reverting previous changes.
Armor

Fixed an issue where players who didn't own the Mindvault ornament would see it in the ornament bucket of the Insurmountable Skullfort, citing "Requires Mod Item" error ribbons.
Weapons

Fixed an issue where No Time to Explain's ornament couldn't be selected or equipped on alternate platforms.
Bounties and Pursuits

Renamed the Cosmodrome Battlegrounds Activity to "Battlegrounds: Foothold"
Updated the War Table Weekly Challenge name to "Honor and Glory"
Fixed an issue where Presage was not granting Pinnacle rewards.
Fixed an issue where players could not reset their Valor rank when reaching Rank 4.
Fixed an issue where "The Good Company" gilded triumph would sometimes not progress when a Guardian had died.
Fixed an issue where the Ticuu's Divination catalyst quest would not progress with explosion kills from the weapon.
Fixed an issue where Chosen Destruction and Chosen Strength Focused Umbral Engram Lenses were not unlocking appropriately.
Fixed an issue where "The Lightbringer Triumph did not complete for players after they had found all weekly Feathers for the "Bird of Prey" quest.
Fixed an issue where the "Birds of a Feather" triumph was not completing appropriately.
=
General

Fixed an issue where the Season of the Chosen Director Dialogue was using incorrect artwork

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.1.0.1
Activities
Battlegrounds:
Fixed an issue where Umbral Engrams could spawn under the ground when the engram inventory is full.
Fixed an issue where generators could not be destroyed when fireteam members or combatants were within close proximity.
Fixed an issue where players were respawning in the Land Tank after disconnects and becoming trapped.
Strikes:
Fixed an issue where players could not access Fallen S.A.B.E.R. in the Strikes Playlist or Direct Launch Node.
UI
Fixed formatting of Seasonal Rank strings where text was overlapping.
Fixed and issue where players could temporarily soft-lock the game and exit vender performances in the H.E.L.M.
Changed XP reward icon on the Quest Details screen to match XP icon used throughout the rest of the game.
Gameplay and Investment
Eververse
Fixed an issue where Lucent Night ornaments disappeared from the armor's universal ornament section after unequipping.
Icon for Anarchy's Uniocracy ornament now more accurately reflects the ornament's actual appearance.
Fixed an issue where the Thalia's Reach ornament for Liar's Handshake disappeared when unequipping it.
Fixed an issue where The Fourteenth Anamnesis ornament showed that it could be applied to Khepri's Sting instead of the Helm of Saint-14.
Fixed an issue where Mantle of Remembrance ornament indicated it was for Aeon Swift instead of Shinobu's Vow.
Fixed an issue where the Caduceus Warlock ornament showed that it could be applied to Aeon Soul instead of Ophidian Aspect.
Fixed an issue where the Bump and Run sparrow was missing like... most of it.
Fixed an issue where players were receiving more Bright Engrams than intended after reaching Season Pass rank 100.
Fixed an issue where Core Ritual (Gambit, Crucible, and Vanguard) Weekly Bounty Challenge would sometimes not reward Bright Dust.
Any players affected by this will receive all missing Bright Dust in the future. An in-game message will confirm when your Bright Dust has been delivered
Collections
Fixed an issue where the War Weary shader was not appearing in Collections.
Fixed an where the Salvagers Salvo Seasonal Grenade Launcher could not be reclaimed from Collections.
Fixed an issue where the Contender's Banner and The Next Chapter emblems were displaying the same art.
Fixed an issue where players could retrieve the Season of the Chosen ritual emblems from Collections without completing the steps to earn them.
Mods
Fixed an issue where some mods were removed if their artifact version was equipped during the Season change.
Fragments
Fixed an issue where Whisper of Chains was not properly granting damage reduction when near frozen enemies.
Bounties, Pursuits, Challenges
Fixed an issue where players could continue to earn additional Hawkmoons if they didn't pick up the quest and join others.
Fixed an issue where a Proving Rune's description from the War Table is different than the actual Rune you get.
Reduced the number of wins required for the Legendary Glory Triumph from 50 to 5 to be aligned with the same requirement from Season of the Hunt.
Fixed an issue where some Weekly Challenge engrams were dropping at a higher Power than intended.
Fixed an issue where players were unable to reset their Valor after 4 resets.
Fixed an issue where players were unable to reset their Infamy after 1 reset.
Fixed an issue where players were incorrectly earning Powerful rewards after 3 Valor resets.
General
Fixed an issue where audio was out of sync with the Season of the Chosen opening cinematic.
Fixed an issue where several vendor tooltips were incorrect.
Fixed a Season of the Chosen purchase information screen which had an incorrect translation in Brazilian Portuguese.

Destiny 2 Update 3.1.0.
Activities
Europa

New Landing Zone added in Eventide Ruins for all players who complete the Beyond Light campaign.
Dreaming City

The Reverie Dawn armor set has been reissued with a new max power cap and the Combat Style mod socket.
The Waking Vigil, Vouchsafe, Retold Tale, and Sleepless weapons have been reissued with a new max power cap and new perk pools.
Dreaming City weapons that have reached their max power caps will no longer drop once you have obtained the item once, allowing collectors to fill out their collections while ensuring that subsequent item drops remain usable in difficult activities.
Fixed an issue where Petra's map icon could blink even when there was no quest to talk to her.
Fixed an issue where one-way connection or temporary connections between areas weren't accounted for by the waypoint system.
Fixed an issue where one of the portals to the Confluence was missing.
Fixed an issue where some Shuro Chi dialog lines could play twice when picking up a patrol beacon.
Fixed an issue where lighting would noticeably pop when moving between Rheasilvia and Harbinger's Seclude.
Malfeasance Quest
Fixed an issue where Taken Acolytes were missing their Void shields during the Malfeasance mission.
Fixed an issue where it was possible to fight the Ogre bosses without triggering the darkness zone.
Dark Monastery
Fixed an issue where some areas that were supposed to be private were, in fact, public, and fireteams could block each other's progress.
Fixed an issue where Toland could be missing from Ascendant Challenges.
Fixed an issue where patrol completions in Dreaming City weren't counting towards the "Wisdom of the Witch" Triumph.
Fixed an issue where Ahamkara Bones were failing to spawn in Agonarch Abyss.
Fixed an issue where Ahamkara Bones were failing to spawn in the Cimmerian Garrison.
Fixed an issue where the Lore of Luna Triumph was not progressing when completing Toland patrols.
Fixed an issue where the Run the Gauntlet Triumph wouldn't progress when completing the time trial in the Cimmerian Garrison Ascendant Challenge.
Cosmodrome

Fixed an issue where some rocks and grass were floating in the air.
Tangled Shore

Fixed an issue where some Fallen Skiffs could fly through the environment during public events.
Fixed an issue where one-way connection or temporary connections between areas weren't accounted for by the waypoint system.
Fixed a lighting issue in Hellrise Canyon where cracks in the environment were highlighted by a bright light emitting from behind a wall.
The Rider
Fixed an issue where the tank summon pad could de-spawn.
The Mad Bomber
Fixed an issue where a Dreg Pike driver would ignore the player.
Moon

The Dreambane armor set has been reissued with a new max power cap and the Combat Style mod socket as well as a dedicated Nightmare mod socket.
All three Altars of Sorrow weapons (Apostate, Blasphemer, Heretic) and the Premonition Pulse Rifle have been reissued with a new max power cap and new perk pools.
A Mysterious Disturbance
Fixed an issue where players could accidentally bypass a trigger volume and end up in a blocked state.
Fixed an issue where the first combatants of this mission had their Power Level scaled too high.
Fixed a bug where some players' weapons could remain up near Eris.
Fixed an issue where environment decorations were floating near the K1 Logistics Lost Sector.
Fixed an issue where players could experience the "Harp" error code when approaching Eris on the Moon.
Fixed an issue where a chest puzzle during Moon free roam would get stuck and not restart.
Fixed an issue where Fallen combatants would spawn from a Hive ship.
In the Deep
Fixed an issue where a Hive Cutter would pop into existence without playing its spawn visual FX.
Symphony of Death
Fixed an issue where the boss could get stuck in an immune state if the fireteam hard-wiped during the boss encounter.
Nessus

Fixed an issue where one-way connection or temporary connections between areas weren't accounted for by the waypoint system.
Fixed a floating patrol beacon.
EDZ

Fixed an issue where ambient squads could fire on the player before they finish loading in one of the Silent Fang missions.
Fixed an issue where one-way connection or temporary connections between areas weren't accounted for by the waypoint system.
Fixed an issue where the combatants from the final encounter could respawn during the end-of-mission countdown timer at the end of one of the Silent Fang missions.
Fixed an issue where some water reflections had graphical errors in cave areas.
Public Events

Ether Resupply
Fixed an issue where Fallen Servitor teleport attack was missing audio.
Fixed an issue where a Fallen Ketch could clip through the environment.
Glimmer Extraction
Fixed an issue where the Glimmer Extractor public event would occur too infrequently in The Gulch on EDZ.
Disrupt Vex Construction
Fixed an issue where Vex combatants wouldn't despawn after this public event ended.
Fixed an issue where the capture plates could remain after it was too late to achieve Heroic, but capturing them would do nothing.
Altar of Sorrows
Fixed an issue where the Altar of Sorrows' music would play for players in the Sorrow's Harbor area even if they were not engaged with the public event.
Fixed an issue where Knight Swords could spawn too high in the air after killing the Knight that drops them.
Fixed an issue that was preventing the Altar of Sorrows bosses from rotating each day.
Defend the Warsat
Fixed an issue where the public event would not always count towards public event completions for certain bounties and quests.
Fixed an issue where an Ogre boss in the Skywatch area would sometimes teleport around the Warsat.
Cryo-pod Freeze
Fixed an issue where the orbs used to trigger the heroic completion would continuously spawn after one vent was broken.
Stop the Ether Ritual
Fixed an issue where all of the objects and combatants in this public event could suddenly disappear if no players had engaged them.
Taken Blight
Fixed an issue where the rally flag and public events would appear in different spots in the area.
Fixed an issue where the public event might not always happen if players had previously engaged with the rally flag.
Strikes

Warden of Nothing
Fixed an issue where a Minotaur miniboss would teleport to attack the players too early, before the shield that was supposed to block it came down.
Fixed an issue where the lift tube could close after the first member of a fireteam went through, preventing the other fireteam members from proceeding.
Fixed an issue where the strike boss was facing the wrong direction during some animations.
Fixed an issue where some combatants could pop into existence instead of spawning properly with animations.
Fixed an issue where players could progress too far without putting a lever, and then have to backtrack to find it.
The Insight Terminus
Fixed an issue where the fireteam could get stuck behind a locked door after a hard wipe.
Fixed an issue where the boss could fail to teleport away and players couldn't proceed, forcing them to quit the strike.
The Scarlet Keep
Fixed a bug where a line of dialog would sometimes not play.
Lake of Shadows
Fixed some bugs with waypoint locations.
Fixed an issue where it was possible to bypass a trigger volume and break the mission flow, blocking the fireteam from progressing.
The Corrupted
Fixed an issue with waypoint locations.
Fixed an issue where players could encounter missing environment objects if they backtracked to the elevator.
Broodhold
Fixed an issue where some combatants would pop into existence without showing proper spawn visuals.
Fixed an animation issue where a Hive barrier would briefly pop back into existence before despawning.
The Inverted Spire
Fixed an issue where platforms would despawn and players in a fireteam could get stuck in the Cistern area if their fireteam went too far ahead.
Exodus Crash
Fixed an issue where players should have been pulled to the boss room to join their fireteam but were instead seeing a countdown timer and dying.
Crucible

Crucible Tokens and Crucible Token Gifts have been deprecated.
Crucible Valor rank rewards are now visible on Lord Shaxx.
Maps

Bannerfall
Fixed an issue where the Bannerfall Crucible map would sometimes display the incorrect name.
Burnout, Wormhaven, and Midtown
Fixed an issue where map music would play too early, during the load screen.
Radiant Cliffs
Fixed and issue where the map name was missing from some screens.
Fixed out-of-environment issues.
Twilight Gap
Fixed an issue where players could get caught on invisible geo.
Exodus Blue, Javelin-4, Fragment, Midtown, and Deadcliffs
Fixed out-of-environment issues.
Gambit

Gambit Infamy rank rewards are now visible on Drifter.
Raids

Raid reward sources now include Masterwork materials as follows:
Enhancement Cores and Prisms now have a chance to drop from hidden chests in Last Wish, Garden, and Descent Raids.
These are on a weekly lockout, per chest, per raid (cannot be infinitely grinded).
Ascendant Shards are obtainable via a reward from a weekly director challenge connected to the featured raid.
Ascendant Shard Weekly Director challenge requires players to complete all encounters of the featured raid before paying out.
The Last Wish

Encounters and challenges should now award the intended standard XP amounts.
Fixed an issue where players could experience network desyncing.
Fixed an issue where some Knight combatants would spawn inside of wall.
Fixed an issue where too many Taken Captains were spawning during the Riven encounter.
Fixed an issue where Morgeth the Spirekeeper would pop into existence within view of the player.
Fixed an issue that allowed the fireteam to skip some platforming gameplay once the first player in the fireteam got through.
Fixed an issue where players could die after clearing the platforming encounter, and have to redo the platforming gameplay.
Fixed an issue where killing a second Eye of Riven at just the wrong time would break the encounter and force a restart.
Fixed a bug where a Drifter dialog line would play even if you hadn't activated the relevant wish.
Fixed an issue that prevented the Strength of Memory challenge from being completable.
Garden of Salvation

Fixed an issue where the finale music was not always playing at the proper times.
Deep Stone Crypt

Atraks-1's health bar should exhibit less rubber-banding behavior.
Free Roam Scanner augment will now be removed from players when starting the first raid encounter.
Dungeons

Shattered Throne
Shattered Throne chests will no longer drop items that have reached their max power caps.
Reverie Dawn armor that drops in the Shattered Throne dungeon will roll with higher stats, comparable to raid armors.
Dreaming City weapons that drop in the Shattered Throne dungeon can roll with perks that are unavailable from drops from other reward sources.
Fixed an issue where music might not play during the final encounter.
Fixed an issue where a door could get stuck locked and prevent players from progressing.
Pit of Heresy
Pit of Heresy chests will no longer drop items that have reached their max power caps; all Essence quests will still have a chance to drop from Pit of Heresy encounters.
Dreambane armor that drops in the Pit of Heresy dungeon will roll with higher stats, comparable to raid armors.
Weapons that drop in the Pit of Heresy dungeon can roll with perks that are unavailable from drops from other reward sources.
The final chest in Pit of Heresy will no longer drop a fully Masterworked Dreambane armor piece.
Instead, the Dreambane armor piece that drops will have 7 armor energy and is guaranteed to drop with at least a +16 in two different stats and higher stats overall.
Dreambane class items will not drop from this chest.
Fixed an issue where relics could have the incorrect visual effects.
Fixed an issue where audio was missing from some Hive barrier objects.
Prophecy
Fixed an issue where a boss combatant might not disappear properly after completing an encounter.
Fixed an issue where fireteam members who stay behind in the Drifter's ship could be locked out of the dungeon when their team progresses forward.
Fixed some issues where pillars of light could show progress on the wrong objects.
Fixed an issue where light pillar visual effects were offset from certain platforms.
Fixed and issue where the Kell Echo boss's teleport animation and VFX wouldn't sync up with the actual teleport, causing some odd animation.
Fixed an issue where player's Ghosts could appear in an inaccessible location if they died shortly after stepping through a teleporter, forcing them to wait for 45 seconds before respawning.
Fixed an issue where join-in-progress players would spawn way back near the beginning of the dungeon if they joined late.
Fixed a bug where players could pick up motes without receiving credit for it.
Fixed an issue where a Devoured Ogre would sometimes teleport to the players if they moved too far away.
Fixed an issue where two of the mote-gathering rooms would prevent players from respawning within them.
General

Fixed AI behavior bugs across numerous activities, where combatants could be found standing still, teleporting, or moving to the wrong location.
Fixed an issue where some Lost Sector combatants' Power Levels were too low, sometimes lower than the same combatants in the public free roam areas.
Fixed issues where the incorrect name was shown above the health bar for various named combatants in various activities.
UI/UX
General

Collection categories now allow players to mark all new items as seen to clear the new item indicator for that category.
Vault has a button with information about how to access the Destiny Companion App and others built by the Destiny community.
Menu header bars correctly stretch to widescreen monitors.
Logo updated for the BNOC team (formerly known as DOC).
Shout out to the folks who've kept our services running for years, and cheers to many more!
Fixed an issue where sometimes the Legacy Triumphs were displayed when first accessing the Triumphs screen.
Subclass toggle icon correctly displays inactive state when equipment is locked.
Updated Stasis Aspect Fragment display to correctly show zero slots.
Eververse/Economy
General

Weapon and armor ornaments will no longer be gated on player entitlement state.
Weapon and armor ornaments tooltips in the store now clearly indicate when a parent item is not owned.
Sandbox
Abilities

Fixed an issue where certain Arc and Solar grenades could apply their "hit" visual FX to animated doors and floors.
Fixed an issue where using Shiver Strike near Stasis crystals could send you into the stratosphere.
Fixed an issue where using certain abilities near Stasis crystals could push you through a closed door.
Fixed an issue where Sunbreakers would trigger Roaring Flames with Solar Sword kills.
Fixed an issue where Sentinel Shield single attacks via Heavy attack input did not consume Super energy.
Fixed an issue where players could be damaged by the shatter of their own Stasis crystals if the opponent had Whisper of Fissure equipped.
Fixed an issue where Wormhusk Crown and Vesper of Radius would trigger their perks upon breaking out of Stasis.
Fixed an issue where Duskfield Grenades can freeze Stasis crystals and barricades.
Improved reliably of Frostpulse Aspect when enemies were on different elevations.
While using Jumper or Cold Shoulders, Glacial Quake Super melee attack is now also mapped to LT/L2 for accessibility.
Decreased the height at which Glacier Grenades will launch the player who threw them.
Duskfield Grenades can now kill to prevent players from using it to continuously trap others in Stasis.
Iceflare Bolts no longer grants grenade energy when shattering a frozen target.
Ensured that Iceflare Bolts correctly tracks the number of seekers created before going on cooldown.
Stasis Freeze Breakout

When playing with a controller, the input for breaking out of Stasis Freeze is now double-press B/Circle for all classes.
The controls for the breakout action can be changed via controller remapping.
Stasis Freeze
Increased the damage frozen players can take before shattering from 100hp to 200hp.
When frozen by Stasis, players now take 50% less damage from Primary-ammo weapons.
When frozen by Stasis, players now take 50% more damage from Special-ammo weapons, Heavy-ammo weapons, and non-Stasis abilities.
Note: We're planning a more in-depth abilities tuning pass, but in the meantime, we've implemented this change to increase players' chances of surviving being frozen.
When frozen by Stasis, AI combatants now take 5% less damage from Primary-ammo weapons.
When frozen by Stasis, AI combatants now take 5% more damage from Special-ammo weapons, Heavy-ammo weapons, and non-Stasis abilities.
Withering Blade
No longer does critical headshot damage.
Increased base damage from 60 to 90.
Melee lunge range reduced by 1m when Withering Blade is charged. Allows players to more reliably use Withering Blade when up close.
Handheld Supernova
Reduced self-damage from 100% to 25%.
Armor

Reduced the cost of Deep Stone Crypt raid mods significantly.
With the Taking Charge mod equipped, you will no longer pick up Orbs of Power if you are already at your maximum Charged with Light stacks.
The Aeon Cult arms Exotic armor pieces for all three classes have been redesigned and now feature selectable, role-based perks oriented toward teamwork.
The Overshield buff timer granted from IceFall Mantle Exotic will no longer be refreshed when a Titan is shot by Allied players in PvE.
Damage from enemy combatants and opposing players in Gambit/Crucible will still refresh the buff's timer.
Fixed an issue where Dreambane armor wouldn't drop above 1050 Power until players complete the Shadowkeep campaign.
Weapons

Catalysts for the following weapons have had their sources and objectives updated to not be associated with Vaulted content:
Bad Juju
Izanagi's Burden
Sleeper Simulant
The Huckleberry
Worldline Zero
Polaris Lance
Telesto
Legend of Acrius
Skyburner's Oath
Fixed an issue with Sturm's Exotic perk.
Sturm will once again reload any equipped Special slot weapon on kill provided the Special weapon's clip isn't full already and there's available reserve ammo.
Bow weapon kills or multi-kills no longer incorrectly progress the Fusion Rifle Calibration bounty from Banshee.
Fixed an issue that was preventing Merciless from increasing its charge rate on non-lethal hits.
This also fixed an issue affecting the Exotic perks of Jade Rabbit, Eriana's Vow, Coldheart's perk not triggering when shot through a Citan's Rampart barrier, and Mulligan activating on hits when used with Anti-Barrier Rounds.
Fixed an issue that caused Line in the Sand to have broken gear and play the wrong reload animation.
Fixed an issue causing Thunderlord and possibly other weapons to not render their scope and/or reticle.
Weapon Archetype Changes

Rocket Launcher
Increased Rocket Launcher damage by ~30% against Miniboss tier enemies and above.
Exotic Rocket Launchers have been adjusted individually and are affected by this change to different degrees.
Fusion Rifle
Increased Fusion Rifle damage falloff start distance, by an increasing amount based on range (6% with 0 range, 16% with 100 range).
Reduced camera movement from firing a Fusion Rifle by 9.5%.
Breech Grenade Launcher
Breech Grenade Launcher projectiles will now detonate on impact with enemies, even if holding the trigger.
Submachine Gun
Reduced camera movement from firing an SMG by 24%.
Pulse Rifle
Reduced camera movement from firing a Pulse Rifle by 7%.
Machine Gun
Reduced camera movement from firing a Machine Gun by 9.5%.
Sniper Rifle
Scaled flinch from damage from other players while aiming a Sniper Rifle by 1.6x.
Sword
Damage against Miniboss tier enemies and above reduced by ~15%.
Perks

Demolitionist
Added a short cooldown on the reload effect.
Mouse and Keyboard Recoil Scalars

Reduced the recoil scalar on mouse and keyboard (previously mouse and keyboard had ~40% less recoil than controller, this change brings mouse and keyboard closer to controller).
Affects these weapon archetypes:
Auto Rifle
Scout Rifle
Pulse Rifle
Submachine Gun
Hand Cannon
Machine Gun
Exotics

Fixed certain Exotic weapons losing their buff when pulling out a Ghost Shell (they will still lose the buff if you stow them).
Ace of Spades
Tarrabah
Hawkmoon (final round only)
Borealis and Hard Light now have a custom (short) animation for switching damage type.
Duality
Increased damage falloff distance by 1.25m (in both hip fire and aim down sights).
Reduced maximum buff stacks from 7 to 5, each stack now grants more of a damage bonus, extended buff duration slightly.
Power and Progression
Updated Power bands

Power Floor: 1100
Soft Cap: 1250
Powerful Cap: 1300
Pinnacle Cap: 1310
When below the Soft Cap, increased the upper limit of Power upgrades dropped from weekly powerful sources.
Increased XP rewards for the Last Wish raid to match Garden of Salvation and Deep Stone Crypt.
Fixed an issue where the Power preview for some vendor items did not match the Power of the gear received.
Player Identity

Several title Seals now support Gilded Titles. After completing the base Triumphs and claiming the Seal, several gilding Triumphs become available.
Completing all the gilding Triumphs changes the Title to its gilded state, represented by new color and icon in menus and player waypoints.
The Title only remains gilded through the remainder of the Season, as gilding Triumphs will be reset at the end of each Season.
This functionality exists for these Titles:
Gambit - Dredgen
Crucible - Unbroken
Nightfall - Conqueror
Trials - Flawless
New titles were made for Conqueror and Flawless that support gilding. The base Triumphs within these title Seals can be completed in any Season.
Players who have completed Triumphs associated with previous version of the Flawless or Conqueror Titles will have those completions applied to the new versions of the titles' Triumphs where applicable.
Triumphs to complete flawless carries in Trials no longer require the person being carried to never have gone flawless, and now require that they have not gone flawless during the current Season.
Fixed an issue where players could acquire more currency for acquiring fragments than there were fragments in the game.
Bounties and Pursuits
The Exo Stranger has a new Stasis Aspect quest available.
Requires Beyond Light ownership, campaign completion, and acquisition of all prior Stasis Aspects from the Stranger.
Reduced the completion values for many Stasis Fragment pursuit objectives to be less frustrating.
Platforms and Systems
PC
Switching teams during a Private Match has been moved to Shift key.
Remove the notifications and sound options that didn't do anything.
Consoles
Removed voice chat volume slider setting that didn't do anything.
General
Season of the Worthy Eververse items have been added as potential drops in the Bright Engram.
Spider now sells Glacial Starwort and Spinfoil. Spider and the Gunsmith no longer accept Phaseglass Needle, Alkane Dust, Simulation Seed, or Seraphite.
Remaining Phaseglass Needle, Alkane Dust, Simulation Seed, or Seraphite can be turned into Spider for a small quantity of Glimmer.
Starter gear has been removed from Suraya.
Collections version of the Generalist Ghost Shell now has full Ghost mod and Masterwork functionality.
Riskrunner has been removed from Xur's vendor pool as it's tied to a New Light quest.
Legendary Engrams can no longer be claimed from the Season Pass rewards when inventory and Postmaster are both full.
Wrathborn Hunt trail improved to better support colorblindness.
Fixed an issue where players could sometimes receive no reward from Dreaming City weekly bounties and Shattered Throne encounters.
Fixing this required the removal of very rare fixed-roll drops of the Dreaming City Scout Rifles and Sniper Rifles.

Localization
For Season of the Chosen, some of the localized voice actors were recast permanently or temporary due to ongoing challenges imposed by the pandemic.
Permanent Recast
Spanish Mexican voice actor for Ghost permanently replaced.
Temporary Recast
Polish Zavala voice actor temporary replaced for Season of the Chosen by sound-alike actor.
Russian Ghost voice actor temporary replaced for Season of the Chosen by sound-alike actor.
Brazilian Osiris voice actor temporary replaced for Season of the Chosen by sound-alike actor.
We intend to return to the original cast as soon as possible.

Destiny 2 Update 3.0.2
Combat
Abilities
Fixed an issue where Code of the Siegebreaker path and Phoenix Cradle Exotic can create invisible Sunspots from Stasis crystals.
Fixed an issue where Flawless Execution had a delayed trigger.
Shatterdive
Now has damage falloff vs. unfrozen targets.
Max range damage reduced from 50 to 5.
Damage reduction during ability reduced from 50% to 25%.
Whisper of Fissures
Reduced max/min damage vs. non-Super players from 42-22 to 30-4.
Reduced max/min damage vs. super players from 42-22 to 16-2.
Reduced detonation radius vs. players from 10m to 9m.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where Dragonfly could roll on the Cold Front Submachine Gun.
It will be replaced with Swashbuckler.
Fixed an issue where the Unrelenting perk was not triggering health regeneration.
Fixed an issue where damage from the Deafening Whisper Grenade Launcher could not trigger the Abyssal Extractors perk on the Nezarec's Sin Exotic helmet.
Fixed an issue where Cloudstrike hits on the Divinity cage counted as two precision hits.
Fixed an issue where the Binary System ornament for Symmetry did not have enemy highlighting.
Fixed a bug where MIDA Multi-Tool's catalyst wasn't dropping.
Activities
Fixed Hive bosses, Ananh, Brood Queen, and Xillox not counting as Hive boss kills in bounties.
Fixed an issue that prevented some quest items from dropping in the Moon freeroam activity.
This prevented completion of several "Essence" quests, such as Essence of Rage, Essence of Insanity, and Essence of Servitude.
Fixed an issue where the Champions Reward banner (Platinum, Gold, etc.) for Legend and Master Lost Sectors until was only showing up once a player returned to orbit.
Fixed an issue where some players could not progress through New Light if they lose Zavala's Gift.
Strikes
Fixed an issue where some players couldn't respawn if they died during the boss fight of the Inverted Spire strike.
Fixed an issue where a fireteam could encounter other fireteams in Sorrow's Harbor and be unable to complete the Scarlet Keep strike.
Fixed an issue where players were not being notified that Grandmaster Nightfall was available.
Fixed an issue where Grandmaster Nightfall timer was set to 30 minutes.
Raids and Dungeons
Fixed a bug where Garden of Salvation flawless completions would fail to award the Inherent Perfection Triumph.
Fixed an issue in the Garden of Salvation raid where players could backtrack from the boss checkpoint to complete the first encounter again for rewards.
Fixed a bug where Taken Psions would replicate too rapidly in some Prophecy dungeon encounters.
Fixed an issue in Deep Stone Crypt raid where players could deal damage to Atraks-1 at an unintended time.
Fixed an issue where players could exit the environment in the Deep Stone Crypt raid.
Fixed an issue where players could have "Shelter From the Storm" permanently applied in the Deep Stone Crypt raid.
Fixed various issues affecting the Guided Games version of Deep Stone Crypt.
Fixed a bug in Deep Stone Crypt where players were stuck in suppressed state after crash.
Improved health bar rubber-banding behavior in the Dl Incaru boss encounter in the Shattered Throne dungeon.
Gambit
Removed "Might of the Traveler" Gambit weekly bounty.
Fixed an issue causing high value targets to drop more motes than intended.
Crucible
Fixed areas where players could exit the environment in the following Crucible maps:
Exodus Blue
Widow's Court
Twilight Gap
Cauldron
Fixed an issue where Rumble matches were not entering overtime.
Rewards
Added missing lore tab for the Starfarer 7M Dawning ship.
Fixed an issue where some quests provided by Eris used "challenge" iconography but didn't grant Powerful rewards.
Iconography changed to normal quest branding.
Fixed an issue which was causing the Season of the Hunt Lure to output lower than expected armor stats from the "Coup de Grace" Celebrant Hunt. Armor now has a much greater chance to be rewarded with a high-stat roll.
Fixed an issue where powerful rewards from the Season of the Hunt mission "Coup de Grace" were not correctly gated weekly, per class.
General
Optimized Lighting on PC GPUs to help increase performance.
Fixed an issue where clan rosters were not loading correctly on PlayStation 5.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.0.1.3
General

Fixed an issue where Stasis crystals could be used to wedge oneself between a rock and a hard place, resulting in Guardians being phased through closed doors.
Fixed an issue where players could encounter a crash when emote swapping while frozen.
Fixed an issue where Warlocks could emit a damage impulse using Vesper of Radius without using their Rift charge.
With this resolved, Vesper of Radius may once again be equipped.
Fixed an issue where players could achieve Solo Flawless Dungeon Triumphs using checkpoints.
Fixed an issue where settings for Motion Blur, Film Grain, and Chromatic Aberration would reset to default between play sessions on next-gen consoles.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.0.1.2
Season of the Hunt
Adjusted the Cryptolith Lure to allow players to charge it twice as fast.
Increased Cryptolith Lure charge cap from 3 to 5.
Fixed an issue that was causing players to reacquire the Cryptolith Lure every time they launched the game.
Fixed an issue with the Lure exclusion description.
The One for All perk is incorrectly listed as a possible roll for Corsair's Wrath and has been corrected to the Unrelenting perk.
Activities
Fixed an issue that was causing some players to be blocked from progressing the Forsaken campaign.
Fixed a location where players could get out of environment.
Resolved an issue that was preventing some players from progressing past the first mission of "A Guardian Rises" in the New Light introduction quest.
Fixed an issue where "Stasis Weekly Challenge" was translated incorrectly in some languages.
Fixed an issue with the Lost Lament quest not progressing from Minotaurs, Hydras, and Cyclops.
Rewards
Fixed an issue where deleting a character could reset some raid rewards.
Economy
Adjusted destination materials exchanges with the Gunsmith to reduce the chances of materials from Vaulted destinations being required.
Combat
Fixed an issue where the Freeze Tag emote was reducing incoming damage.
Abilities
Penumbral Blast:
Projectile range increased by 37%.
Minimum distance to cast ranged melee reduced by 32%.
This allows you to throw the ranged melee closer to targets.
Fixed an issue with the Glacial Quake Super where the melee attack would sometimes fail to activate.
Resolved an issue where players could appear to become stuck in Shiver Strike action and animation for other players.
Weapons
Fixed the issue with The Lament's Heavy air attack working when the weapon lacked ammo.
Platforms
Fixed an issue where PSN friends list wasn't populating as expected.
Fixed an issue with screen tearing on some consoles.

Destiny 2 Update 3.0.1
Next Gen
Next-gen enhancements have been introduced for the Xbox Series X|S and PlayStation 5.

Feature	Xbox Series X	PlayStation 5	Xbox Series S
Resolution	4K	4K	1080p
Framerate	60fps	60fps	60fps
120hz Crucible Support	Supported*	Supported*	Not Supported
Field of View Slider	Yes	Yes	Yes
Faster Load Times	Yes	Yes	Yes
Cross-Generation Play	Yes	Yes	Yes
Next-Generation Upgrade Free	Xbox Smart Delivery	Yes	Xbox Smart Delivery
General

On Xbox Series X|S, the enhanced update will automatically download.
On PlayStation 5, players need to manually download the enhanced update.
Option for customizable Field of View (FOV) has been added to the Settings > Video menu.
Option for 120Hz Crucible Mode has been added to the Settings > Video menu.
Updated controller rumble feel on the DualSense Controller.
Destiny Companion App
Bounties

Players may acquire bounties from Destiny 2 vendors using the Destiny Companion App.
Bounties may only be acquired when players are offline, In orbit, or in the Tower.
For additional information, please see this Help article.
Sandbox
Exotic Armor

Fixed an issue where being killed by the effects of Necrotic Grip would show as being "Killed by the Architects."
Fixed an issue where players with Stronghold Gauntlets couldn't block any Super damage with Swords despite the Exotic maximizing the Guard stats.
Improved the readability of the visual effects when another player wearing Mask of Bakris shifts directly toward you.
Updated the description string of Mask of Bakris's perk to correctly describe its damage bonus, which applies only to combatants and affects all arc weapon damage and all damage against slowed or encased enemies.
Additionally, fixed a bug where this damage bonus was applying to players who are slowed or encased in Crucible and Gambit.
Stasis Abilities

Fragments
Tuned "Whisper of Bonds" to grant a flat 2.5% Super energy per trigger.
Weapons

Duality
Duality's icon didn't match correct weapon tray icon.
Fixed an issue where Duality's custom ADS fire audio wasn't playing.
The Lament
The Lament icon did not appear appropriately in Crucible feeds.
Activities
Beyond Light Campaign

Beyond Light Exotic quest missions now properly display recommended Power Level on their map nodes.
Kridis no longer spawns before players have completed the previous mission objective.
New Light

Fixed an issue where veteran players could not access the Tower while Mission Advent was available.
Fixed an issue with the New Light subclass quest where Ikora's waypoint was suppressed.
Fixed an issue where the descent cinematic did not play for The Disgraced strike.
Fixed an issue where veteran players with two characters of the same class were blocked from acquiring their subclasses.
Fixed a bug where a step on the New Light pursuit was not granting experience.
Fixed an issue where abandoned Memory quests were not available in the Quest Archive vendor in the Tower.
Fixed an issue where players who skip the Shotgun chest in M0 did not receive Special ammo when the Shotgun was granted.
Fixed an issue where players could reacquire Riskrunner during the Risk/Reward mission.
Deep Stone Crypt

Fixed an issue where Taniks could go into hellfire phase early before any fireteam member could collect an augment.
Fixed an issue where players would not get a third DPS phase on the second loop of dunking all four cores.
Fixed an issue where the Short Circuit Triumph was not possible.
Fixed an issue that could cause an unintended wipe during the second hellfire cast.
Last Wish Raid

Fixed an issue where the final encounter was not rewarding Spoils of Conquest.
Fixed an issue where Kalli teleported out of the environment after a plate was captured.
Fixed various networking behaviors that were observed when playing through encounter transitions.
Garden of Salvation Raid

Fixed an issue where text notifications would not appear when players initiated/completed puzzles.
Fixed an issue where tethers did not appropriately disrupt the boss under certain circumstances.
Fixed an issue where the Consecrated Mind drops its Minotaur at the beginning of the raid.
Pit of Heresy

Fixed an issue where the Ghost flashlight projection volume had no effect, making it hard to navigate the passage without light.
Fixed an issue where players could encounter back screens and hard wipes between encounters.
Fixed an issue where players could be killed transitioning between two areas.
Prophecy

Prophecy is once again available.
Powerful rewards may be earned from each checkpoint once per week.
Players may complete the dungeon once per week to obtain a pinnacle-powered reward.
Previously featured weapon and armor rewards are available once more.
Lost Sectors

Master and Legend Lost Sector tooltips are easier to comprehend.
Stasis quests

Aspects
Fixed an issue where "Tectonic Harvest" was not consistently generating shards for allies when destroying their crystals.
Nightmare Hunts

Hard-wiping and defeating the boss at the same time will leave players in the Hunt after respawning.
Exotic quests

Fixed an issue where the first line of dialogue played was muted at the beginning of the Malfeasance quest strike.
Crucible and Iron Banner

Fixed an issue where the "Survivor" medal could be awarded to players who were defeated during the round.
Fixed an issue where the "Untouchable" medal could not be earned.
Updated the mercy rule for Control and Clash to prevent it from triggering too early in the match.
Fixed an issue where some map intro cinematics were taking place outside of the combat zone.
Strikes

Fixed an issue where Outlaws were no longer spawned in Nightfall: The Ordeal.
Fixed an issue where Lurkers did not spawn after the counterweight encounter in the Hallowed Lair.
Fixed an issue where Super energy was drained when taking a lift in the Warden of Nothing.
Fixed an issue where Guardians were unable to respawn if they died while in the process of destroying Protheon, Modular Mind, very quickly.
Fixed an issue where counterweights would reset if a player died after pushing them down.
Fixed an issue where combatants would disappear abruptly if a Guardian decided to speed run the Hallowed Lair strike while others were trying to complete bounties in previous encounters.
Fixed an issue where the Tank would despawn during the Arms Dealer strike when trying to enter another combat area.
Gambit

Fixed an issue where the high-value target spawned too early.
Fixed an issue where catch-up targets would respawn too quickly after being cleared.
Fixed an issue where combatants would sometimes not move from spawn areas.
Destinations
Europa

Fixed a rare case where the Conflux Watch Servitor in the public encounter for Empire Hunt: The Technocrat could become permanently immune.
Fixed an issue where players with full quest inventories could still purchase Fallen Empire and weapon quests from Variks.
Fixed an issue where flickering snow transitions could be seen when playing with a multi-GPU setup (Crossfire/SLI) PC (Crossfire/SLI).
Cosmodrome

Added destination material spawns.
Added destination materials to Cosmodrome region chests.
Fixed an issue where Scorch Cannons were not respawning during the Heroic version of the Spider Tank public event.
Fixed an issue where flickering grass transitions could be seen when playing with a multi-GPU setup (Crossfire/SLI) PC (Crossfire/SLI).
Moon

Fixed an issue where some combat encounters would not trigger appropriately.
Fixed an issue where a smaller number of players were able to matchmake in to certain areas than intended.
The terminals for the "tire game" appear disabled even when active.
Fixed an issue where Toland would not reappear if players moved away from a totem to complete the activity.
Fixed an issue where high-value targets had forgotten their names.
Names now appear above high-value targets appropriately.
Dreaming City

Blind Well
Fixed an issue where the safety bubble would pop to its smallest size when a round was done instead of shrinking over time.
Fixed an issue where quest step notification for Petra's quest missions were showing a blank icon.
Fixed an issue where players could sometimes not interact with rally flags before public events.
Nessus

Fixed an issue where the "Half Empty" patrol on Nessus is missing description text.
General

Fixed an issue where Memory Fragment, Drone, and Ghost Story collectibles were still present on some destinations.
Fixed an issue where Hive crystal shields could cause a crash.
Rewards
General

Europa and Cosmodrome strikes now award destination materials upon completion.
Lunar Ghost Bundle no longer pops an erroneous "out of space" warning when opening.
Exotic armor awarded in solo PED Lost Sectors now drops on a knockout list.
Removed misleading "Limited Time" augment from Devrim Kay and Failsafe vendor items.
Fixed a bug preventing Rahool's icon from flashing when Beyond Light bonus items were available to claim.
Fixed a bug where some new armor mods had incorrect sources listed in Collections.
Fixed a bug where the Evasive Maneuvers raid perk would sometimes fail to activate if you switched to the mod in the middle of an encounter.
Fixed a bug where Icefall Mantle's description did not mention the slow field it generates when activated.
Miscellaneous
Triumphs

Fixed an issue where The Hit List was not unlocking properly.
Fixed an issue where players would not receive appropriate Triumphs after defeating the Fanatic.
Monument to Lost Light

Fixed an issue where the waypoint on the Exotic Archive vendor continues to flash for players who own all Exotics.
Collections

Badges and Armor sets in Collections correctly select player's class.
Fixed an issue where the UI would forget which page the player was on after previewing an item in Collections.
UI

Aspects and Fragments on the Stasis Subclass screen now appropriately display "Currently Applied" when they're applied in another slot.
Graphics

Fix inverted colors in some dark areas when playing in HDR.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.0.0.4
Activity
Fixed an issue where strikes in the Vanguard playlist where incorrectly set to 1100 Power.
Vanguard strikes are now 1050 Power.
Fixed an issue where enemies would continue to spawn during certain activities in the Cosmodrome.
NOTE: This should resolve an issue where gaggles of Guardians would convene in the Divide, all shooting into a cave-like structure.
Fixed an issue where players could skip to the end of the Veles Labyrinth Lost Sector.
Crucible
Fixed an issue where Defeats' audio was playing too often.
Combat
Weapons
Fixed an issue where Trench Barrel was not being removed after firing three shots.

Rewards
Fixed an issue where prime attunements were not being applied properly after reaching the soft cap (1200 Power).
Fixed an issue where the Strange Visitors emote from Seasonal of Arrivals Silver bundle would no longer appear in Rahool's inventory to claim.
Updated the World Engram weapons reward pool.
Remove all Legendary weapons that hit their Infusion Cap at the end of this Season.
Added all of the Seventh Seraph weapons from Season of the Worthy.
Added all of the Season of Arrivals Seasonal and planetary reprisal weapons.
Set weight drop chances so that the newer an item is, the more likely it is to drop.
Bounties
Reduced number of bounties required for the New Light quest from three to one.
Fixed an issue where Combat Drill bounties were requiring Elimination defeats.
They will now correctly require Clash defeats.
Season
Fixed an issue where players already have Seasonal Artifact but the Season quest does not progress.
Fixed an issue where Lure mods were duplicating.
Fixed an issue where Perk Veto Mods for the Cryptolith Lure were not correctly preventing the excluded perks from rolling on the weapons
Fixed an issue where players already have the Lure but the Lure quest doesn't progress.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.0.0.3
Combat
Weapons
Fixed an issue where the Coriolis Force Fusion Rifle was getting more ammo than intended from ammo bricks.
Fixed an issue where the Witherhoard damage debuff wasn't being removed properly.
Witherhoard has now been re-enabled.
Abilities
Stasis

Fixed exploits with the Warlock Shadebinder Super.
Stasis breakout damage reduced (110->90hp).
Adjusted the curve that reduces breakout damage using Resilience.
Increased the damage reduction effect Resilience has so that higher tiers of Resilience are more valuable.
Caps out at 90 Resilience.
Penumbral Blast (Stasis Warlock melee) projectile speed reduced by 20%.
Penumbral Blast (Stasis Warlock melee) range reduced (was 28m now 16m).
Winter's Wrath (Stasis Warlock Super) duration reduced (was 30s now 24s).
Winter's Wrath light attack (Stasis Warlock Super) cost reduced (was 5% per burst, now 4.5% per burst).
Cold Snap seeker speed reduced by 23%.
Against Guardians:

Cold Snap freeze duration lowered (was 4.75s now 1.35s).
Ice Flare Bolts freeze duration lowered (was 4.75s now 1.35s).
Penumbral Blast (Stasis Warlock melee) freeze duration lowered (was 4.75s now 1.35s).
Winter's Wrath heavy attack (Stasis Warlock Super) no longer affects players who are not encased.
Gameplay and Investment
Rewards
Fixed an issue where Pinnacle rewards were not dropping at the correct Power.
Fixed an issue where several repeatable bounties were providing more XP than intended.
Activities
Fixed an issue on Exodus Crash where the Spider Tank wasn't spawning.
Exodus Crash has been re-enabled.
General
Fixed an issue that was causing ARUGULA errors.
Fixed an issue where Fragment pursuits were purchasable with a full inventory.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 3.0.0.2
General
Service Stability

Resolved an issue where Destiny 2 could crash when players interacted with the Vault in the Tower on Xbox consoles.
Implementing backend changes to improve Destiny 2 service stability.
Rewards

Adjusted Rose's fire rate from 150 RPM to its intended 140 RPM.
Players may once again equip this legendary hand cannon.
Heir Apparent has been removed from the Monument to Lost Lights - Exotic Archive.
Resolved an issue where Collectors Edition emblems were not being granted or appearing in collections properly.

Destiny 2 Update 3.0.0.1
Rewards
Vendor Armor
Vanguard, Crucible, and Gambit vendors now all reward a Prime version of their respective ritual engram for completing the weekly challenge.
These engrams award the ritual's new Season of the Hunt armor on a knockout list until the full set has been obtained.
Once the full set is obtained the engrams drop re-rolls of the ritual armor as well as world weapons. (Note this is on a per-ritual basis; each ritual engram assesses separately.)
All armor dropped from these engrams is high stat armor.
The base (non-Prime) version of Vanguard, Crucible, and Gambit engrams now drops world armor until the respective ritual set has been obtained from the Prime ritual engram.
Once the ritual set has been obtained from the Prime ritual engram, low-stat ritual armor will drop.
Zavala, Shaxx, and Drifter now sell low-stat versions of their new Season of the Hunt armor. Armor must be obtained from the ritual's Prime engram before it can be purchased.
Engrams
Engram previews for most gear engrams have been removed.
The following engrams had new versions created in Season of the Hunt: Legendary World, Prime, Crucible, Gambit, Vanguard, Gunsmith, and Iron Banner. Older versions of these engrams will be removed from the game in Season 13.
Players with a back-stock of these engrams in the Postmaster are advised to extract and decrypt these engrams before the end of Season of the Hunt.
Economy
Spider has made several changes to his inventory as follows:
He has grown jealous of the large stocks of Legendary Shards Guardians have saved up, and now covets them. To that end he will no longer part with Legendary Shards.
He has obtained Enhancement Prisms to sell but will part with no more than three per week for each customer.
He has priced these at 400 Legendary Shards each.
Enhancement Cores are now fixed in price at 30 Legendary Shards each (they do not ascend with each purchase) but are limited to 5 per day for each customer.
Zavala's and Shaxx's Boons and the Eververse's Gleaming Boons have been deprecated and can be dismantled to recover their original full purchase price.
Economy, Currencies, Faction of the Nine, Dead Orbit, New Monarchy, Future War Cult faction tokens, and all Rare destination materials can now be safely discarded and can be deleted as a full stack.
Banshee-44 and the Spider will still accept planetary materials from Vaulted destinations for the duration of Season of the Hunt.
These materials will be deprecated in a future season and players are advised to spend them during Season of the Hunt.
Season Pass
Season Pass rewards have been refreshed for Season of the Hunt.
Additional Bright Dust has been added to the Season Pass reward tracks as follows:
Free Track: Added 5,200 to the already present 2,300, for a total of 7,500.
Paid Track: Added 2,600 to the already present 400, for a total of 3,000.
Weekly Bounties will now award 100 Bright Dust
Eververse
Starting in Season of the Hunt, Bright Engrams will now contain all Eververse content from Season 1 to three Seasons prior to the current Season (excluding content from special events like Festival of the Lost, the Dawning, etc.). Here are some practical examples:
Season of the Hunt: Bright Engrams contain all content from Seasons 1 through 9.
Season 13: Bright Engrams contain all content from Seasons 1 through 10.
Ghosts
All existing and new Ghost Shells except the Generalist Shell now have energy levels and access to mods with various energy costs instead of being pre-loaded with specific perks.
Ghosts now have four mod slots. Three are unlocked by default, and the fourth is unlocked by Masterworking the Shell.
Kill Tracker functionality remains only on Ghosts that originally had access to that perk.
Other pre-existing Ghost perks have been turned into mods and some have been made into more globalized versions of their past functionality.
A selection of mods are available on all Ghost Shells by default, with the remaining ones obtainable via various gameplay sources (information on where to find these mods can be learned from Collections).
No mods will be obtained from the Eververse and Eververse purchased Shells will have no advantages or functional differences from Ghost Shells earned in game.
Sparrows
All Sparrows intrinsically fast-summon now.
Newly acquired or reacquired from Collections sparrows no longer roll on the Speed Demon(fast-summoning) perk.
Players are advised to re-pull any sparrows they presently are using that have fast-summon to gain a new perk combo.
General Fixes
Matterscourge ornament can no longer be reacquired from Collections.
Last Perdition on Shaxx now dismantles for less than its vendor cost.
Universal Ornament item descriptions no longer refer specifically to Year-3 items.
Emotes now display flavor text on the item detail screen or when being previewed on the Eververse store.
Added icons to weapons that were missing their release watermark.
Exotic Ciphers can no longer be added to a player's Vault.
Players saving an Exotic Cipher in their Vault must remove it and spend it before they can acquire a new one.
Armor affinity now display on player inspect.
Bounties
Lectern of Enchantment weekly bounty no longer references Nightmares on Io or Titan.
Progress is now made from defeating Nightmares on the Moon.
Power & Progression
Powerful sources, weekly rituals with Powerful rewards released with Shadowkeep no longer grant Powerful rewards.
These rewards have been moved to new rituals released with Beyond Light.
Once the character's gear Power has reached the soft cap (1200 in Beyond Light), it will now be possible to receive small Powerful upgrades from some normal drops.
These will come from strikes, Crucible, and Gambit as well as some Seasonal sources, and are not subject to daily nor weekly lockouts.
These can drop until the Power Cap (1250 in Beyond Light).
Reduced the Power level of some vendor token rewards.
Player Identity
Login screens now have a dark background.
Updated the Full-screen Menus to have a dark background style.
Player waypoints now display Season Rank, HUD waypoints.
Character Creation:
Changed selection from "Male" & "Female" to "Masculine" & "Feminine."
Guardian head and hair models have been replaced with improved versions.
Several color swatches have been changed to better represent the applied color.
Players previous head selections are still used.
Added toggle functionality to the character screen, allowing the player to make a choice between Light and Dark subclasses.
Character screen visuals updated depending on player choice between Light and Dark.
Triumphs
Triumph Screen Updates:
Navigation has been added to Triumphs and Seals to toggle between Active and Legacy content.
Legacy Triumphs and Seals have a new visual style to distinguish them from Active content.
Medals, Exotic Catalysts, and Lore have been given their own section within the Triumphs screen.
Improved Lore screen added for better book/page navigation.
Triumphs now display both the current step reward and final completion reward.
Triumphs have had an overhaul and are now categorized in a new way.
Lifetime Triumph sets will persist across all Seasons and introduces new players to the core aspects of Destiny.
Destination Triumph sets will move to the Legacy section when the related destination enters the Destiny Content Vault.
Seasonal Triumph sets will move to the Legacy section at the end of each year.
Legacy Triumph Sets and Seals are found in the Legacy section.
Legacy sets will not apply to your Active Triumph Score.
Players can still see their Legacy set scores and which Triumphs they completed in time.
All the Legacy Seals and their related Triumphs can be seen on the Legacy page.
Titles for completed Legacy Seals can still be equipped
Several new Stat Trackers were added to the system including, but not limited to, weapon-type Stat Trackers gated behind new Triumph completions.
Prophecy Dungeon Stat Trackers have been moved to the Open World category matching other Dungeon related Stat Trackers.
Combat
Weapons
Hand Cannons
Aggressive
Increased Rate of Fire (RoF) from 110 to 120.
Broke out Aggressive Hand Cannons, allowing custom tuning of stats (e.g. damage falloff for 100 range in this subfamily now starts at 32m).
Adaptive and Precision
Range stat now has more impact on minimum damage falloff range for both archetypes.
Damage falloff for 100 range now starts at 25m, was 20m.
Precision Hand Cannon
180 RoF magazine scaled up by 37 percent.
Note: This also affects Exotics with that RoF.
Lightweight (folded in to Adaptive)
Moved all Lightweight Hand Cannons (150 RoF) to the Adaptive subfamily (140 RoF).
This includes Luna's Howl and Not Forgotten.
One Exotic Hand Cannon will retain 150 RoF.
We aren't going to leave it to speculation.
It's beautiful.
It does Solar damage.
It makes enemies explode.
It's Sunshot.
Sniper Rifles
Adjusted how aim assist (AA) is affected by Sniper Rifle Zoom rating. The lower the Zoom the lower the AA and vice versa. Scopes with around 50 Zoom are unchanged.
Lowest-Zoom scopes have a large reduction in AA cone angle.
Highest-Zoom scopes have a small increase.
Auto Rifles
Adaptive
Damage per bullet reduced from 15.75 to 14.25.
Note: Prior to Season of the Worthy, damage per bullet was 13.75.
Scout Rifles
Increased how much each point of the AA stat widens the AA cone.
At maximum, the AA cone is now 15 percent wider.
Rocket Launchers
Increased reserves by 1 or 2 rockets depending on Inventory stat.
Perks
Outlaw - Reload speed increase felt insufficient with certain subfamilies and combinations of rolls (e.g. Aggressive Hand Cannons).
Increased Reload stat bonus from +50 to +70.
Merciless
Increased Inventory stat from 36 to 55 (this increases reserve ammo).
Mountaintop
Reduced splash damage by 33 percent, increased impact damage such that total damage is 5 percent lower than before.
Reduced projectile velocity multiplier from the Micro-Missile perk from 1.4 to 1.2. (i.e., now 20 percent faster than other breech Grenade Launchers instead of 40 percent).
Reduced in-air accuracy. Now has significant projectile error while in-air (around 7 degrees without the Icarus Grip mod, substantially less with).
Falling Guillotine
Reduced Heavy Attack damage by ~24 percent to bring in line with other Swords.
Note: Falling Guillotine will continue to be slightly above average, just not to the extent that it is now.
MIDA Multi-Tool and MIDA Mini-Tool
MIDA Mini-Tool
Moved the "Mida Synergy" trait to the intrinsic, similar to how the (Baroque) version works.
Added the following perks:
Hip-Fire Grip
Kill Clip
NOTE: There is an issue with the Masterwork on this weapon that prevents it from being upgraded. This will be fixed in a later update.
NOTE: The Gunsmith will begin selling a version of this weapon on November 10 with no infusion cap.
Sturm and Drang
Drang
Moved the "Together Forever" trait to the intrinsic, similar to how the (Baroque) version works
Added the following perks:
Accurized Rounds
Moving Target
NOTE: There is an issue with the masterwork on this weapon that prevents it from being upgraded. This will be fixed in a later update.
NOTE: The Gunsmith will begin selling a version of this weapon on November 10 with no infusion cap.
Ruinous Effigy
Transmutation Spheres
Reduced the damage of the aerial melee attack by 25 percent.
Significantly reduced the damage of the drain effect on enemy combatants.
Arbalest
No longer strikes shields multiple times, but its efficacy against shielded targets has been increased.
Jade Rabbit
Armor Piercing Rounds swapped to High Caliber Rounds.
This fixes an issue that could prevent the Exotic perk from triggering.
Traveler's Chosen
Reduced muzzle flash intensity.
Point of the Stag
Increased Point of the Stag's Max Power Level to 1310.
Divinity
Fixed a bug that prevented some weapons from dealing precision damage to the Divinity cage (e.g. Eriana's Vow).
Energy Type Requirements
All of the weapon-oriented armor mods (e.g. Hand Cannon Loader, Fusion Rifle Ammo Finder, etc.) have been changed to be any energy type.
As a result of the above change, all Arc Charged with Light mods now activate their second perk if you have any other Arc mod equipped on the same armor piece, or if you have any other Arc Charged with Light mod socketed in any other armor piece you are wearing.
Enhanced Mod Rebalancing
All mods that have an Enhanced version of that mod (e.g. Enhanced Hand Cannon Loader) have had the base mods' efficacy increased to match that of the Enhanced version of the mod.
As a result, those Enhanced mods have been deprecated, and the base mods' energy costs have been adjusted upward slightly (but are still lower than the equivalent Enhanced mods).
Some mods have moved to different slots to create more competition for mod sockets across armor pieces (for example, the Fast Ready mods have moved to the Arms socket).
All of the broad category weapon-focused armor mods (Precision Weapon Targeting, Light Arms Loader, etc.) have been deprecated.
The Dexterity mod family has been moved to the Arms socket.
The mods that provide effects when you pick up an Orb of Power have been moved to the Legs socket.
The mods that grant Super energy on weapon kills have had their perks moved onto specific weapons and have been deprecated.
The Ashes to Assets, Dynamo, and Hands-On mods have moved to the Helmet socket
The Arc Resistance, Solar Resistance, Void Resistance, and Concussive Dampener mods have been moved to the Chest armor slot.
Their efficacy of the energy resistance mods has been significantly increased for a single mod (from ~5% to ~25% for one copy of the mod; two copies of the same mod provide ~40% resistance to that damage)
The Minor Resist, Major Resist, and Boss Resist mods have been deprecated.
The Transcendent Blessing mod has been moved to the General socket.
The Traction mod no longer costs armor energy and no longer provides any bonuses to Mobility.
Explosive Finisher has joined all of the other grenade-related mods in the Solar energy type.
Raid Mods
Starting in Season of the Hunt, Last Wish, Garden of Salvation, and the upcoming Beyond Light raid armors will now drop with a fifth, dedicated armor mod socket that is exclusively for the mods related to that raid.
Anti-Taken mods from Last Wish will only function in the Last Wish raid.
Anti-Hive mods from the Leviathan raid will be deprecated.
Anti-Fallen raid mods from Scourge of the Past will be deprecated.
Last Wish and Garden of Salvation armor acquired prior to Season of the Hunt will not have this dedicated armor socket but will still be able to use the mods related to that raid in the new Legacy armor mod socket.
Combat Mods
All armor released in Beyond Light and Season of the Hunt, all Last Wish and Garden of Salvation armor acquired starting in Season of the Hunt, and all Armor 2.0 Exotic armor pieces (including those already possessed by players) will have a Combat style mod socket.
In Season of the Hunt, this socket will accept all Charged with Light and Warmind Cell mods.
All Armor 2.0 armor acquired during Seasons 8 through 11 have had their Seasonal mod sockets replaced with a single, unified Legacy mod socket that can socket all Charged with Light mods, all Warmind Cell mods, all Nightmare Hunt mods, all Garden of Salvation mods, and all Last Wish mods.
Banshee-44 now has a chance to sell armor mods from Black Armory, Season 10, and Season 11.
Anti-Champion Mods
Anti-barrier rounds will now penetrate Taken Phalanx shields.
All Anti-Champion mods have been shifted to armor, rather than taking a weapon mod slot.
Abilities
Increased Hunter's dodge cooldown by a few seconds
(E.g. Tier 4 original cooldown: 22 sec. New cooldown: 26 sec)
Orbs of Light have been changed to Orbs of Power as they can now be consumed by Light and Dark subclasses.
Activities
Vanguard
Removed Legacy Nightfall and Heroic story mission nodes.
Nightfall: The Ordeal
Adjusted Adept recommended Power level to 1180, matchmaking is available at 1150.
All versions of Nightfall: The Ordeal now fill player ammo at the start of the activity (like Grandmaster has always done).
Gambit
Merged Gambit and Gambit Prime into a single mode
Single round.
Gambit Prime encounters, with all a large boss combatants reduced in potency.
Gambit Prime mote targets and drain.
Gambit Prime blockers, with the Phalanx taking the place of the Captain for 10 motes.
Gambit Prime invasion cadence, with longer cooldown between invasions.
Gambit boss fight, with increased Primeval health and Slayer buff potency.
Removed Gambit Prime armor perks.
Crucible
Updated the Crucible's featured modes:
Control
Elimination
Rumble
Glory: Survival
Both Survival and Survival: Freelance will be available.
Weekly rotator
Clash
Mayhem
Showdown
Private matches
Limited Availability
Iron Banner
Iron Banner: Freelance
Weekend Availability
Trials of Osiris
Trials of Osiris
Trials of Osiris Power level requirement increased to 1210.
Weapons or armor that have ornaments applied to them now correctly show the ornament icon during the Trials intro.
Added Adept weapons and weapon mods to Flawless chest rewards.
Additional information here.
Maps
Added physics blockers to some out-of-bounds areas on Altar of Flame.
Added physics blockers to some out-of-bounds areas on Exodus Blue.
Added physics blockers to some out-of-bounds areas on Cauldron.
Monument to Lost Lights
Added the following to the new Monument to Lost Lights vendor in the Tower:
Exotic quest weapons from Year 1.
Most Exotic quest weapons from Year 2.
Exotic Season Pass and quest weapons from Year 3 through 8, 9, and 10.
All past pinnacle and ritual quest weapons.
Vaulted Raid's Exotic Weapons.
All Exotics require an Exotic cipher, large amounts of Glimmer, a large amount of one planetary materials, and a small amount of Masterworking material.
Legendary weapons require a second Masterworking material, rather than an Exotic cipher.
Amounts vary between weapons.
Added a repeatable source of Exotic ciphers - visit Xur to learn more.
Added a new currency, Spoils of Conquest, acquirable only from raids.
Spoils of Conquest can be used to acquire Vaulted raid's Exotic weapons from the Monument to Lost Lights vendor.
General
Fixed an issue where dying while holding Riven's Heart could cause the Heart to disappear.
Removed flashpoints.
Removed the following Shadowkeep challenges from the Moon:
Rune table
Repeatable campaign missions
Nightmare Hunt completion and time trials
Pit of Heresy completion
Garden of Salvation completion
Quest Notifications
Added notifications in the player's HUD that display whenever a player acquires a new quest, progresses to a new quest step, and completes a quest.
Tracking a quest with an associated map location automatically adds a waypoint to that associated location.
Added a shortcut to the current Season's Triumphs within the Seasonal tab of the Quest Log.
New Light
Greatly expanded the New Light experience
Introducing a new introductory campaign that both new players and veteran players can experience.
Cosmodrome makes a return as a destination along with new activities and a new NPC.
Created additional new user experience tutorials to help explain equipping weapons and armor, quests and bounties, lost sectors, strike matchmaking, and more.
Veterans can experience this new campaign should they choose by retrieving the "A Guardian Rises" pursuit from the Quest Archive.
The Pain & Gain Exotic quest for Riskrunner has been replaced
This quest has been folded into the New Light campaign experience.
Subclass Acquisition
New Light players who do not have a veteran account with all subclasses unlocked will now acquire alternate subclasses from Ikora
New characters can earn pursuits to unlock their additional subclasses by speaking with Ikora after their first strike.
All subclass pursuits are class scoped just as their subclasses are.
Alternate characters with missing subclasses can acquire them by speaking with Ikora and accepting the subclass pursuit package.
Added a new vendor to the Tower, located to the left of the Postmaster.
The Quest Archive Vendor functions much like the Destiny 1 Abandoned Quests Kiosk as well as a way to acquire older pursuits.
The kiosk has subpages that group the pursuits just as they are seen on your Quests page.
Going forward any pursuits abandoned will go to this vendor.
Older pursuits can now also be found on this vendor.
This is to help ensure that vendors do not become overwhelmed by older content.
Triumphs are now unlocked as part of the New Light experience
Prior to this moment you will not be able to navigate Triumphs if your account has not yet unlocked them.
Unlocking Triumphs on any character enables them for all.
There are categories of Triumphs under Lifetime that unlock as a result of claiming adjacent Triumphs.
The Season Pass and its rewards are now unlocked as part of the New Light experience
Unlocking the Season Pass on any character enables it for the entire account.
The first time you unlock the Season Pass you will earn 5 free ranks, up to rank 5.
Rested XP is also not enabled until the Season Pass has been unlocked.
The moment that the Season Pass is unlocked both Rested XP and Challenges are enabled.
Destinations unlock via XP if you do not own the expansion associated with that destination.
Unlock Order:
Cosmodrome
Europa
EDZ
Nessus
Tangled Shore
Dreaming City
Moon
Crucible and Gambit
These activities are now unlocked after reaching the Tower and picking up the associated pursuit from Lord Shaxx and Drifter respectively.
Completing the first step of either pursuit unlocks the entirety of the activity types modes.
These pursuits can be acquired when returning to the Tower after your first strike.
They can be picked up, but they will not advertise on the vendor waypoint/tooltip until you've progressed through the game further.
Strikes can be unlocked after completing the first step of the strike introduction pursuit provided by Zavala.
The Forsaken campaign now has the same introduction behavior as Shadowkeep and Europa.
All players regardless of expansions owned get to experience the first mission of the Forsaken campaign upon unlocking the Tangled Shore.
Completing this activity is a requirement for unlocking Free Roam on the Tangled Shore.
Accounts that own Forsaken will automatically be given the remainder of the campaign and may continue as they see fit.
Accounts that do not own Forsaken will be able to pick up the remaining campaign for Forsaken from the Quest Archive vendor once they've purchased it.
Accounts that do not own Forsaken can still explore the Tangled Shore and the Dreaming City after having unlocked their patrol zones.
Beyond Light
Veteran characters who log in and qualify for the start of the Beyond Light campaign will be automatically launched into it.
New characters who log in and qualify for the start of the Beyond Light campaign, but have not completed the New Light quest, will not be automatically launched into it.
This does not disable a new character from manually starting the Beyond Light campaign.
Chaperone Acquisition
There is now an alternative pursuit for acquiring the Exotic Shotgun, Chaperone.
This pursuit may be acquired via Shaw Han on the Cosmodrome or the Quest Archive Vendor in the Tower.
This pursuits requires ownership of Beyond Light.
The pre-existing pursuit for Chaperone continues to exist as-is and remains part of the Forsaken expansion.
Misc
Fixed a bug that prevented online friends from showing up in the roster on Stadia for players with over 100 friends.
Fixed a bug that occasionally prevented players from earning progress on bounties when joining an activity in progress.
This most notably impacted Iron Banner bounties, and also caused players to have their artifact power bonus enabled.
General
PC
PC players with compatible NVIDIA cards and drivers will be able to take advantage of Destiny 2 integration with NVIDIA Reflex, reducing "click-to-display" latency during gameplay.
Environment
Updated lighting in a number of areas on EDZ and Nessus.
Updated lighting and sky atmosphere for EDZ.
Localization
Due to the challenges of voice recording during a global pandemic, different actors had to be used for the following characters:
Osiris (Brazilian version)
Eris (Brazilian version)
Eris (Polish version)
We intend to return to the original cast as soon as possible.
Advanced Rendering
Lighting improvements and better dark area standardization.
Please revisit your brightness settings and tune to your taste.
We recommend HDR black point is set to the default middle value for best results.

Destiny 2 Update 3.0.0
Rewards
Vendor Armor
Vanguard, Crucible, and Gambit vendors now all reward a Prime version of their respective ritual engram for completing the weekly challenge.
These engrams award the ritual's new Season of the Hunt armor on a knockout list until the full set has been obtained.
Once the full set is obtained the engrams drop re-rolls of the ritual armor as well as world weapons. (Note this is on a per-ritual basis; each ritual engram assesses separately.)
All armor dropped from these engrams is high stat armor.
The base (non-Prime) version of Vanguard, Crucible, and Gambit engrams now drops world armor until the respective ritual set has been obtained from the Prime ritual engram.
Once the ritual set has been obtained from the Prime ritual engram, low-stat ritual armor will drop.
Zavala, Shaxx, and Drifter now sell low-stat versions of their new Season of the Hunt armor. Armor must be obtained from the ritual's Prime engram before it can be purchased.
Engrams
Engram previews for most gear engrams have been removed.
The following engrams had new versions created in Season of the Hunt: Legendary World, Prime, Crucible, Gambit, Vanguard, Gunsmith, and Iron Banner. Older versions of these engrams will be removed from the game in Season 13.
Players with a back-stock of these engrams in the Postmaster are advised to extract and decrypt these engrams before the end of Season of the Hunt.
Economy
Spider has made several changes to his inventory as follows:
He has grown jealous of the large stocks of Legendary Shards Guardians have saved up, and now covets them. To that end he will no longer part with Legendary Shards.
He has obtained Enhancement Prisms to sell but will part with no more than three per week for each customer.
He has priced these at 400 Legendary Shards each.
Enhancement Cores are now fixed in price at 30 Legendary Shards each (they do not ascend with each purchase) but are limited to 5 per day for each customer.
Zavala's and Shaxx's Boons and the Eververse's Gleaming Boons have been deprecated and can be dismantled to recover their original full purchase price.
Economy, Currencies, Faction of the Nine, Dead Orbit, New Monarchy, Future War Cult faction tokens, and all Rare destination materials can now be safely discarded and can be deleted as a full stack.
Banshee-44 and the Spider will still accept planetary materials from Vaulted destinations for the duration of Season of the Hunt.
These materials will be deprecated in a future season and players are advised to spend them during Season of the Hunt.
Season Pass
Season Pass rewards have been refreshed for Season of the Hunt.
Additional Bright Dust has been added to the Season Pass reward tracks as follows:
Free Track: Added 5,200 to the already present 2,300, for a total of 7,500.
Paid Track: Added 2,600 to the already present 400, for a total of 3,000.
Weekly Bounties will now award 100 Bright Dust
Eververse
Starting in Season of the Hunt, Bright Engrams will now contain all Eververse content from Season 1 to three Seasons prior to the current Season (excluding content from special events like Festival of the Lost, the Dawning, etc.). Here are some practical examples:
Season of the Hunt: Bright Engrams contain all content from Seasons 1 through 9.
Season 13: Bright Engrams contain all content from Seasons 1 through 10.
Ghosts
All existing and new Ghost Shells except the Generalist Shell now have energy levels and access to mods with various energy costs instead of being pre-loaded with specific perks.
Ghosts now have four mod slots. Three are unlocked by default, and the fourth is unlocked by Masterworking the Shell.
Kill Tracker functionality remains only on Ghosts that originally had access to that perk.
Other pre-existing Ghost perks have been turned into mods and some have been made into more globalized versions of their past functionality.
A selection of mods are available on all Ghost Shells by default, with the remaining ones obtainable via various gameplay sources (information on where to find these mods can be learned from Collections).
No mods will be obtained from the Eververse and Eververse purchased Shells will have no advantages or functional differences from Ghost Shells earned in game.
Sparrows
All Sparrows intrinsically fast-summon now.
Newly acquired or reacquired from Collections sparrows no longer roll on the Speed Demon(fast-summoning) perk.
Players are advised to re-pull any sparrows they presently are using that have fast-summon to gain a new perk combo.
General Fixes
Matterscourge ornament can no longer be reacquired from Collections.
Last Perdition on Shaxx now dismantles for less than its vendor cost.
Universal Ornament item descriptions no longer refer specifically to Year-3 items.
Emotes now display flavor text on the item detail screen or when being previewed on the Eververse store.
Added icons to weapons that were missing their release watermark.
Exotic Ciphers can no longer be added to a player's Vault.
Players saving an Exotic Cipher in their Vault must remove it and spend it before they can acquire a new one.
Armor affinity now display on player inspect.
Bounties
Lectern of Enchantment weekly bounty no longer references Nightmares on Io or Titan.
Progress is now made from defeating Nightmares on the Moon.
Power & Progression
Powerful sources, weekly rituals with Powerful rewards released with Shadowkeep no longer grant Powerful rewards.
These rewards have been moved to new rituals released with Beyond Light.
Once the character's gear Power has reached the soft cap (1200 in Beyond Light), it will now be possible to receive small Powerful upgrades from some normal drops.
These will come from strikes, Crucible, and Gambit as well as some Seasonal sources, and are not subject to daily nor weekly lockouts.
These can drop until the Power Cap (1250 in Beyond Light).
Reduced the Power level of some vendor token rewards.
Player Identity
Login screens now have a dark background.
Updated the Full-screen Menus to have a dark background style.
Player waypoints now display Season Rank, HUD waypoints.
Character Creation:
Changed selection from "Male" & "Female" to "Masculine" & "Feminine."
Guardian head and hair models have been replaced with improved versions.
Several color swatches have been changed to better represent the applied color.
Players previous head selections are still used.
Added toggle functionality to the character screen, allowing the player to make a choice between Light and Dark subclasses.
Character screen visuals updated depending on player choice between Light and Dark.
Triumphs
Triumph Screen Updates:
Navigation has been added to Triumphs and Seals to toggle between Active and Legacy content.
Legacy Triumphs and Seals have a new visual style to distinguish them from Active content.
Medals, Exotic Catalysts, and Lore have been given their own section within the Triumphs screen.
Improved Lore screen added for better book/page navigation.
Triumphs now display both the current step reward and final completion reward.
Triumphs have had an overhaul and are now categorized in a new way.
Lifetime Triumph sets will persist across all Seasons and introduces new players to the core aspects of Destiny.
Destination Triumph sets will move to the Legacy section when the related destination enters the Destiny Content Vault.
Seasonal Triumph sets will move to the Legacy section at the end of each year.
Legacy Triumph Sets and Seals are found in the Legacy section.
Legacy sets will not apply to your Active Triumph Score.
Players can still see their Legacy set scores and which Triumphs they completed in time.
All the Legacy Seals and their related Triumphs can be seen on the Legacy page.
Titles for completed Legacy Seals can still be equipped
Several new Stat Trackers were added to the system including, but not limited to, weapon-type Stat Trackers gated behind new Triumph completions.
Prophecy Dungeon Stat Trackers have been moved to the Open World category matching other Dungeon related Stat Trackers.
Combat
Weapons
Hand Cannons
Aggressive
Increased Rate of Fire (RoF) from 110 to 120.
Broke out Aggressive Hand Cannons, allowing custom tuning of stats (e.g. damage falloff for 100 range in this subfamily now starts at 32m).
Adaptive and Precision
Range stat now has more impact on minimum damage falloff range for both archetypes.
Damage falloff for 100 range now starts at 25m, was 20m.
Precision Hand Cannon
180 RoF magazine scaled up by 37 percent.
Note: This also affects Exotics with that RoF.
Lightweight (folded in to Adaptive)
Moved all Lightweight Hand Cannons (150 RoF) to the Adaptive subfamily (140 RoF).
This includes Luna's Howl and Not Forgotten.
One Exotic Hand Cannon will retain 150 RoF.
We aren't going to leave it to speculation.
It's beautiful.
It does Solar damage.
It makes enemies explode.
It's Sunshot.
Sniper Rifles
Adjusted how aim assist (AA) is affected by Sniper Rifle Zoom rating. The lower the Zoom the lower the AA and vice versa. Scopes with around 50 Zoom are unchanged.
Lowest-Zoom scopes have a large reduction in AA cone angle.
Highest-Zoom scopes have a small increase.
Auto Rifles
Adaptive
Damage per bullet reduced from 15.75 to 14.25.
Note: Prior to Season of the Worthy, damage per bullet was 13.75.
Scout Rifles
Increased how much each point of the AA stat widens the AA cone.
At maximum, the AA cone is now 15 percent wider.
Rocket Launchers
Increased reserves by 1 or 2 rockets depending on Inventory stat.
Perks
Outlaw - Reload speed increase felt insufficient with certain subfamilies and combinations of rolls (e.g. Aggressive Hand Cannons).
Increased Reload stat bonus from +50 to +70.
Merciless
Increased Inventory stat from 36 to 55 (this increases reserve ammo).
Mountaintop
Reduced splash damage by 33 percent, increased impact damage such that total damage is 5 percent lower than before.
Reduced projectile velocity multiplier from the Micro-Missile perk from 1.4 to 1.2. (i.e., now 20 percent faster than other breech Grenade Launchers instead of 40 percent).
Reduced in-air accuracy. Now has significant projectile error while in-air (around 7 degrees without the Icarus Grip mod, substantially less with).
Falling Guillotine
Reduced Heavy Attack damage by ~24 percent to bring in line with other Swords.
Note: Falling Guillotine will continue to be slightly above average, just not to the extent that it is now.
MIDA Multi-Tool and MIDA Mini-Tool
MIDA Mini-Tool
Moved the "Mida Synergy" trait to the intrinsic, similar to how the (Baroque) version works.
Added the following perks:
Hip-Fire Grip
Kill Clip
NOTE: There is an issue with the Masterwork on this weapon that prevents it from being upgraded. This will be fixed in a later update.
NOTE: The Gunsmith will begin selling a version of this weapon on November 10 with no infusion cap.
Sturm and Drang
Drang
Moved the "Together Forever" trait to the intrinsic, similar to how the (Baroque) version works
Added the following perks:
Accurized Rounds
Moving Target
NOTE: There is an issue with the masterwork on this weapon that prevents it from being upgraded. This will be fixed in a later update.
NOTE: The Gunsmith will begin selling a version of this weapon on November 10 with no infusion cap.
Ruinous Effigy
Transmutation Spheres
Reduced the damage of the aerial melee attack by 25 percent.
Significantly reduced the damage of the drain effect on enemy combatants.
Arbalest
No longer strikes shields multiple times, but its efficacy against shielded targets has been increased.
Jade Rabbit
Armor Piercing Rounds swapped to High Caliber Rounds.
This fixes an issue that could prevent the Exotic perk from triggering.
Traveler's Chosen
Reduced muzzle flash intensity.
Point of the Stag
Increased Point of the Stag's Max Power Level to 1310.
Divinity
Fixed a bug that prevented some weapons from dealing precision damage to the Divinity cage (e.g. Eriana's Vow).
Energy Type Requirements
All of the weapon-oriented armor mods (e.g. Hand Cannon Loader, Fusion Rifle Ammo Finder, etc.) have been changed to be any energy type.
As a result of the above change, all Arc Charged with Light mods now activate their second perk if you have any other Arc mod equipped on the same armor piece, or if you have any other Arc Charged with Light mod socketed in any other armor piece you are wearing.
Enhanced Mod Rebalancing
All mods that have an Enhanced version of that mod (e.g. Enhanced Hand Cannon Loader) have had the base mods' efficacy increased to match that of the Enhanced version of the mod.
As a result, those Enhanced mods have been deprecated, and the base mods' energy costs have been adjusted upward slightly (but are still lower than the equivalent Enhanced mods).
Some mods have moved to different slots to create more competition for mod sockets across armor pieces (for example, the Fast Ready mods have moved to the Arms socket).
Raid Mods
Starting in Season of the Hunt, Last Wish, Garden of Salvation, and the upcoming Beyond Light raid armors will now drop with a fifth, dedicated armor mod socket that is exclusively for the mods related to that raid.
Anti-Taken mods from Last Wish will only function in the Last Wish raid.
Anti-Hive mods from the Leviathan raid will be deprecated.
Anti-Fallen raid mods from Scourge of the Past will be deprecated.
Last Wish and Garden of Salvation armor acquired prior to Season of the Hunt will not have this dedicated armor socket but will still be able to use the mods related to that raid in the new Legacy armor mod socket.
Combat Mods
All armor released in Beyond Light and Season of the Hunt, all Last Wish and Garden of Salvation armor acquired starting in Season of the Hunt, and all Armor 2.0 Exotic armor pieces (including those already possessed by players) will have a Combat style mod socket.
In Season of the Hunt, this socket will accept all Charged with Light and Warmind Cell mods.
All Armor 2.0 armor acquired during Seasons 8 through 11 have had their Seasonal mod sockets replaced with a single, unified Legacy mod socket that can socket all Charged with Light mods, all Warmind Cell mods, all Nightmare Hunt mods, all Garden of Salvation mods, and all Last Wish mods.
Banshee-44 now has a chance to sell armor mods from Black Armory, Season 10, and Season 11.
Anti-Champion Mods
Anti-barrier rounds will now penetrate Taken Phalanx shields.
All Anti-Champion mods have been shifted to armor, rather than taking a weapon mod slot.
Abilities
Increased Hunter's dodge cooldown by a few seconds
(E.g. Tier 4 original cooldown: 22 sec. New cooldown: 26 sec)
Orbs of Light have been changed to Orbs of Power as they can now be consumed by Light and Dark subclasses.
Activities
Vanguard
Removed Legacy Nightfall and Heroic story mission nodes.
Nightfall: The Ordeal
Adjusted Adept recommended Power level to 1180, matchmaking is available at 1150.
All versions of Nightfall: The Ordeal now fill player ammo at the start of the activity (like Grandmaster has always done).
Gambit
Merged Gambit and Gambit Prime into a single mode
Single round.
Gambit Prime encounters, with all a large boss combatants reduced in potency.
Gambit Prime mote targets and drain.
Gambit Prime blockers, with the Phalanx taking the place of the Captain for 10 motes.
Gambit Prime invasion cadence, with longer cooldown between invasions.
Gambit boss fight, with increased Primeval health and Slayer buff potency.
Removed Gambit Prime armor perks.
Crucible
Updated the Crucible's featured modes:
Control
Elimination
Rumble
Glory: Survival
Both Survival and Survival: Freelance will be available.
Weekly rotator
Clash
Mayhem
Showdown
Private matches
Limited Availability
Iron Banner
Iron Banner: Freelance
Weekend Availability
Trials of Osiris
Trials of Osiris
Trials of Osiris Power level requirement increased to 1210.
Weapons or armor that have ornaments applied to them now correctly show the ornament icon during the Trials intro.
Added Adept weapons and weapon mods to Flawless chest rewards.
Additional information here.
Maps
Added physics blockers to some out-of-bounds areas on Altar of Flame.
Added physics blockers to some out-of-bounds areas on Exodus Blue.
Added physics blockers to some out-of-bounds areas on Cauldron.
Monument to Lost Lights
Added the following to the new Monument to Lost Lights vendor in the Tower:
Exotic quest weapons from Year 1.
Most Exotic quest weapons from Year 2.
Exotic Season Pass and quest weapons from Year 3 through 8, 9, and 10.
All past pinnacle and ritual quest weapons.
Vaulted Raid's Exotic Weapons.
All Exotics require an Exotic cipher, large amounts of Glimmer, a large amount of one planetary materials, and a small amount of Masterworking material.
Legendary weapons require a second Masterworking material, rather than an Exotic cipher.
Amounts vary between weapons.
Added a repeatable source of Exotic ciphers - visit Xur to learn more.
Added a new currency, Spoils of Conquest, acquirable only from raids.
Spoils of Conquest can be used to acquire Vaulted raid's Exotic weapons from the Monument to Lost Lights vendor.
General
Fixed an issue where dying while holding Riven's Heart could cause the Heart to disappear.
Removed flashpoints.
Removed the following Shadowkeep challenges from the Moon:
Rune table
Repeatable campaign missions
Nightmare Hunt completion and time trials
Pit of Heresy completion
Garden of Salvation completion
Quest Notifications
Added notifications in the player's HUD that display whenever a player acquires a new quest, progresses to a new quest step, and completes a quest.
Tracking a quest with an associated map location automatically adds a waypoint to that associated location.
Added a shortcut to the current Season's Triumphs within the Seasonal tab of the Quest Log.
New Light
Greatly expanded the New Light experience
Introducing a new introductory campaign that both new players and veteran players can experience.
Cosmodrome makes a return as a destination along with new activities and a new NPC.
Created additional new user experience tutorials to help explain equipping weapons and armor, quests and bounties, lost sectors, strike matchmaking, and more.
Veterans can experience this new campaign should they choose by retrieving the "A Guardian Rises" pursuit from the Quest Archive.
The Pain & Gain Exotic quest for Riskrunner has been replaced
This quest has been folded into the New Light campaign experience.
Subclass Acquisition
New Light players who do not have a veteran account with all subclasses unlocked will now acquire alternate subclasses from Ikora
New characters can earn pursuits to unlock their additional subclasses by speaking with Ikora after their first strike.
All subclass pursuits are class scoped just as their subclasses are.
Alternate characters with missing subclasses can acquire them by speaking with Ikora and accepting the subclass pursuit package.
Added a new vendor to the Tower, located to the left of the Postmaster.
The Quest Archive Vendor functions much like the Destiny 1 Abandoned Quests Kiosk as well as a way to acquire older pursuits.
The kiosk has subpages that group the pursuits just as they are seen on your Quests page.
Going forward any pursuits abandoned will go to this vendor.
Older pursuits can now also be found on this vendor.
This is to help ensure that vendors do not become overwhelmed by older content.
Triumphs are now unlocked as part of the New Light experience
Prior to this moment you will not be able to navigate Triumphs if your account has not yet unlocked them.
Unlocking Triumphs on any character enables them for all.
There are categories of Triumphs under Lifetime that unlock as a result of claiming adjacent Triumphs.
The Season Pass and its rewards are now unlocked as part of the New Light experience
Unlocking the Season Pass on any character enables it for the entire account.
The first time you unlock the Season Pass you will earn 5 free ranks, up to rank 5.
Rested XP is also not enabled until the Season Pass has been unlocked.
The moment that the Season Pass is unlocked both Rested XP and Challenges are enabled.
Destinations unlock via XP if you do not own the expansion associated with that destination.
Unlock Order:
Cosmodrome
Europa
EDZ
Nessus
Tangled Shore
Dreaming City
Moon
Crucible and Gambit
These activities are now unlocked after reaching the Tower and picking up the associated pursuit from Lord Shaxx and Drifter respectively.
Completing the first step of either pursuit unlocks the entirety of the activity types modes.
These pursuits can be acquired when returning to the Tower after your first strike.
They can be picked up, but they will not advertise on the vendor waypoint/tooltip until you've progressed through the game further.
Strikes can be unlocked after completing the first step of the strike introduction pursuit provided by Zavala.
The Forsaken campaign now has the same introduction behavior as Shadowkeep and Europa.
All players regardless of expansions owned get to experience the first mission of the Forsaken campaign upon unlocking the Tangled Shore.
Completing this activity is a requirement for unlocking Free Roam on the Tangled Shore.
Accounts that own Forsaken will automatically be given the remainder of the campaign and may continue as they see fit.
Accounts that do not own Forsaken will be able to pick up the remaining campaign for Forsaken from the Quest Archive vendor once they've purchased it.
Accounts that do not own Forsaken can still explore the Tangled Shore and the Dreaming City after having unlocked their patrol zones.
Beyond Light
Veteran characters who log in and qualify for the start of the Beyond Light campaign will be automatically launched into it.
New characters who log in and qualify for the start of the Beyond Light campaign, but have not completed the New Light quest, will not be automatically launched into it.
This does not disable a new character from manually starting the Beyond Light campaign.
Chaperone Acquisition
There is now an alternative pursuit for acquiring the Exotic Shotgun, Chaperone.
This pursuit may be acquired via Shaw Han on the Cosmodrome or the Quest Archive Vendor in the Tower.
This pursuits requires ownership of Beyond Light.
The pre-existing pursuit for Chaperone continues to exist as-is and remains part of the Forsaken expansion.
Misc
Fixed a bug that prevented online friends from showing up in the roster on Stadia for players with over 100 friends.
Fixed a bug that occasionally prevented players from earning progress on bounties when joining an activity in progress.
This most notably impacted Iron Banner bounties, and also caused players to have their artifact power bonus enabled.
General
PC
PC players with compatible NVIDIA cards and drivers will be able to take advantage of Destiny 2 integration with NVIDIA Reflex, reducing "click-to-display" latency during gameplay.
Environment
Updated lighting in a number of areas on EDZ and Nessus.
Updated lighting and sky atmosphere for EDZ.
Localization
Due to the challenges of voice recording during a global pandemic, different actors had to be used for the following characters:
Osiris (Brazilian version)
Eris (Brazilian version)
Eris (Polish version)
We intend to return to the original cast as soon as possible.
Advanced Rendering
Lighting improvements and better dark area standardization.
Please revisit your brightness settings and tune to your taste.
We recommend HDR black point is set to the default middle value for best results.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.9.2.2
Gameplay and Investment
Rewards
Fixed an issue where rewards in the chests at the end of the Haunted Forest would incorrectly drop gear at 750 Power.
Gameplay
Added missing Korean VO for Nokris Interference mission.

Destiny 2 Update 2.9.2.1
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons
The Refurbished Black Armory shader now drops 100% of the time when dismantling Black Armory Refurbished weapons acquired from completing Forge Ignition activities.
Abilities
Fixed a crash that could occur when too many arrows were shot into a Titan's barricade.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.9.1.3
Gameplay and Investment
Solstice of Heroes
Fixed an issue where Bright Dust was not being rewarded from Solstice of Heroes weekly and repeatable bounties.
Fixed an issue where the Solstice of Heroes weekly challenge was not granting players a Powerful reward.

Means to an end
Fixed an issue where the challenge to complete "Means to an End" could be accidentally removed from player's inventory independent of the weekly reset.
All players will need to reacquire the pursuit after the reset. 

Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.9.1.2
Nightfall: The Ordeal
Fixed an issue where the Ordeal version of Lake of Shadows was inaccessible at tiers above Adept for players who do not own Forsaken.
Fixed an issue where the Festering Core Master Nightfall was listed as 1080 Power in the Director, but was actually 750 Power.
Guardians should expect a much greater challenge when engaging with this strike.
Raids
Leviathan rewards of XP, Glimmer, and chances towards Exotic Engrams or Bright Engrams are now back on a weekly lockout.
Note: Weapons and armor are not affected by the weekly lockout, and can be earned multiple times a week.
Investment
Fixed an issue where some players could not acquire the "Means to an End" quest from the Prismatic Recaster.
Armor
Fixed an issue where Ruinous Effigy could trigger the heal from the Stronghold Titan Exotic armor while blocking with the carry object.
Fixed an issue where Umbral stat Focused engrams could provide less than 10 in the selected stat.

Destiny 2 Update 2.9.1.1
Activities
Dungeon Prophecy
Fixed an issue where a door in the Hexahedron would occasionally not open.
Gameplay and Investment
Controls
Remapping the input for Interact no longer changes the button prompt for Revive which will always be mapped to X/Square.
Fixed an issue where canceling a glide jump would cause Warlocks and Titans to auto-jump after landing.
Updated default custom controller binding for Vehicle Exit to match standard control preset (X/Square -> A/Cross).
Fixed an issue where Hunters would crouch after Dodging when using Hold Crouch, but stand when using Toggle Crouch.
Investment
Fixed an issue where Advanced Pyramid Focusing was only rewarding 50 Altered Elements instead of 150 as stated in the Triumph.
To help players optimize daily weapon bounties, Banshee now picks six new weapon types to focus on each week - three primary, one special, and two heavy. 
Added a Season Rank Stat tracker for Season of Arrivals.
The Emissary Whisperer Triumph has been removed.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where Witherhoard's projectiles would appear randomly on screen while using abilities or when stowed away.
Fixed an issue that caused Witherhoard's direct hit damage to be unintentionally doubled if a player swapped to The Mountaintop after applying it.
Armor
Fixed an issue where the Surprise Attack perk does would not properly deactivate and reactivate when switching Sidearms
General
Fixed an issue where the Fencing Salute Emote could allow players to get out of the environment.
Fixed an issue where the "Hide Hints" settings option was currently displaying as "Never Show Full SteamID" and not functioning properly.

Destiny 2 Update 2.9.1
Activities
Contact Public Event

Fixed an issue where players could collect and deposit 15 motes prior to unlocking the Umbral Mastery II gift on the Prismatic Recaster.
Trials

Increased Glimmer rewards in Trials of Osiris.
Nightmare Hunts

Fixed an issue where Nightmare Hunts could grant more Season of Arrivals rewards than intended.
Raids

The following raids no longer have weekly reward limits from main encounters:
Leviathan
Eater of Worlds
Spire of Stars
Crown of Sorrow
Scourge of the Past
Note: Secret Chests will continue to have weekly lockouts

All armor from the above listed Featured Raids has been updated to use the Season of Arrivals infusion cap.
Last Wish and Garden of Salvation raid weapons and armor have been updated to use the Season of Arrivals infusion cap.
Gameplay and Investment
Investment

Fixed an issue where the Heavy Hitters Triumph was not properly tracking which Contact event bosses had been defeated.
Fixed an issue where the Season of the Worthy Rank Stat Tracker was not appearing properly.
Pursuits

Fixed an issue where players had the Guardian Games quest in their inventory well after Titans completely dominated the event.
Hunters are still pretty sad about it.
Fixed an issue where there was inconsistent use of weapon and ammo types in High-Stakes Heist quest steps.
Fixed an issue where Seraph weapons were not counting towards Sleeper Simulant catalyst quest progression.
Weapons

Fixed a rare crash with Anarchy.
Fixed an issue with Umbral Enhancements III that was preventing Cold Denial and Falling Guillotine from getting an additional trait.
Fixed an issue with Vortex Frame Swords where the Heavy attack wasn't ending properly over the network.
Fixed an issue where various Season of Arrivals weapons are missing collections entries.
Armor

Fixed an issue that was preventing Season of the Worthy Seasonal Armor Mods from having a chance to be purchasable on Banshee-44.
Fixed an issue that was preventing players from purchasing the Unflinching Machine Gun mod from Banshee-44.
Other

Added the ability for Season of Arrivals armor to use Charged with Light mods from Season of Dawn.
Corrected some incorrect armor mod icons for several Season of Arrivals mods.
Corrected incorrect perk descriptions for two Season of Arrivals mods - Reactive Pulse (formerly Font of Light) and Radiant Light - to correctly match their functionality.
Added the Season of Arrivals mod socket to the pieces of the EDZ destination armor set that did not have them.
The Unstoppable Pulse Rifles artifact mod will no longer cause non-Pulse Rifle damage to stagger Unstoppable Champions while aiming down sights of a Pulse Rifle.
The Rival Warlock Ghost Shell from Guardian Games will now show Ghost Projections.
Fixed an issue where the Unstoppable Pulse Rifle mod icon was displaying a Scout Rifle.
Fixed a bug that affected aim assistance when shooting through Barricades using Citan's Ramparts.
UI/UX
Eververse

The header for the Flair section of Eververse now displays the correct text.

Controller Remapping

Updated the description for "Toggle Sprint."
Xr

Updated description of Exotic Engrams on Xr, as players may now purchase more than one on a given a week using an Exotic Cypher.
Subtitles

Fixed an issue where subtitles for Season of Arrivals Drifter dialogue could misgender players as "brother" even when using female character.
Misc.
General

Adjusted Strike weekly bounty pool for the Seasonal focus.
Scorn, Cabal, Vex, and Fallen variations should no longer appear during Season of Arrivals.
Fixed an issue where the first sleeper node "CB.NAV/RUN.()Dynamo.Approach.Arch" was not appearing for players attempting to complete the Nascent Dawn Exotic quest.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.9.0.2
Controller Remapping:
Fixed an issue where analog-based actions required a full button or trigger press.
Players should no longer encounter issues where they could not aim down sights or fire their weapons.
Fixed an issue where Stormtrance could not be used if attack inputs are held during the cast animation.
Fixed an issue where the Hunter's dodge and Warlock's Icarus Dash were more difficult to activate.
Fixed an issue where pressing A no longer dismounted from Sparrows while using the Jumper controller scheme.
Activities
Fixed an issue where some players had an invisible ship, black emblem, and zero Power Level displayed when in orbit.
Investment
Fixed an issue where various reward sources were dropping gear at 750 Power instead of their intended Power Level.
Fixed an issue where the Tommy's Matchbook Catalyst quest was removed from player inventories.
Note: Players who had this quest removed have lost progress, but we have reduced the requirements of the quest to compensate.
Fixed an issue where the Destiny 2: Beyond Light preorder emblem did not appear in Collections.
Fixed an issue where the "Upgrade Gift Ranks" Triumph did not properly record progress.
Removed two Legendary ships from Amanda Holiday that could not be purchased.
Fixed an issue where Seasonal Artifact mods required more Glimmer than intended to socket.
Fixed an issue where solo completions of the Prophecy dungeon did not properly unlock the associated Triumph.
Weapons
Fixed an issue where Witherhoard dealt a ridiculous amount of damage to various enemies.
Fixed an issue that could occur when swapping out Exotic gear while their perks were still active.
Armor/Gear/Collections
Fixed an issue where Saint's Vocation Exotic ship was invisible in preview and orbit.
Fixed an issue where the Almost Mighty Exotic Ghost Shell was invisible in preview and when summoned.
Fixed an issue where the Insight Unyielding Titan gauntlets could obscure the screen when aiming Bows.
Fixed an issue where the Cryptarch beacon would not activate when acquiring the Destiny 2: Season of Arrivals Silver/Emote platform offer.

Destiny 2 Update 2.9.0.1
Controller Remapping
General

Fixed an issue where Sprint would cancel if players pressed the Sprint action multiple times.
Sandbox
Antaeus Wards

Remove Super energy bonus and increase Sprint time required to activate.
Mods

Fixed an issue where Season of Arrivals mods were available to equip without players first unlocking them.
Fixed an issue where the Breach Resonator artifact armor mod was not granting its benefits when equipped.
Fixed an issue where the Guardian Angel artifact armor mod was not granting its benefits when equipped.
Fixed an issue where the Volatile Conduction mod had the wrong buff text and icon while its perk was active.
Finishers

Fixed an issue where the Overhead Heel Crush Finisher showed Void energy even when other subclasses were equipped.
Fixed an issue where the Aerial Snap Kick Finisher showed Void energy even when other subclasses were equipped.
Activities
General

Fixed an issue where players were unable to progress the Season of Arrivals intro quest due to full inventory of Umbral Engrams.
Fixed an issue where there were visible holes are present in the EDZ terrain where the Seraph Towers were placed in Season of the Worthy.
Investment

Fixed an issue where Prime Engrams rewarded Hunter armor to Warlocks.
While we understand Warlocks want to up their fashion game, capes are for Hunters or Lord Saladin.
Fixed an issue where the bonus Clan bounty would not gain progress from Grandmaster Nightfall completions.
Removed the Collections badge requirement from the "Dredgen" title.
Trials

Fixed an issue where players were unable to visit the Lighthouse when completing a flawless passage.
As such, Trials of Osiris will be available once more on June 19, 2020.
Error Codes
General

Introduced a minor fix for Beaver errors.

Destiny 2 Update 2.9.0
Destiny 2 Update 2.9.0
Activities
Trials

Mods now drop with through a white item bauble instead of an erroneously assigned Exotic Engram bauble.
Duplicate mods will no longer drop from the Flawless chest.
Additional Masterwork material rewards now drop at three, five, and seven Trials wins.
Added a Trials weekly bounty which unlocks Trials Engrams on Saint-14.
The bounty reward will match the Win 3 Milestone reward of the week.
Trials Tokens distribution has been re-balanced to focus on wins three, five, and seven of a Trials Passage.
This includes repeat Passages.
Trials Tokens are no longer awarded from match completions.
Tokens are now granted specifically through wins and bounties.
Passage of Wealth now doubles the bonus Trials Tokens earned at three, five, and seven Trials wins.
Intro quest step "Entry Pending" now requires reaching Power 1010.
Nightfall: The Ordeal

The Taken take over The Ordeal.
Added new strikes to The Ordeal: Lake of Shadows, The Corrupted, and The Festering Core.
Updated The Ordeal power levels to new Season 11 levels.
Grandmaster Difficulty will become available on July 21, 2020.
Increase Masterwork material drops for Grandmaster Nightfall difficulty.
Grandmaster completion at Platinum, Gold, and Silver levels now have higher chances of dropping an Exotic armor item.
Grandmaster completion at Platinum level now guarantees one Ascendant Shard (with a small chance at one additional), and four Enhancement Prisms (with a moderate chance at 1-2 additional).
Grandmaster completion at Gold level now guarantees two Enhancement Prisms (with a moderate chance at two additional).
Grandmaster completion at Silver level now has a small chance at two Enhancement Prisms.
UI/UX
Controller Button Remapping

There is a new "Custom" controller layout that, when selected, allows the player to remap what actions are bound to which controller buttons.
Additional details can be found in the "This Week at Bungie - 6/4/2020" blog article.
PC & Stadia Settings

Reorganized Keyboard, Mouse, and Controller settings.
Gear Details Subscreen

Toggle Stat Display is now additionally supported on unequipped armor.
Previously, this was only supported for equipped armor.
This allows you to toggle between viewing stats associated with your gear, or overall build stats, within the gear details subscreen. 
Wrapped Items Container

A new container has been added to the Inventory screen for Wrapped items/bundles providing an easy area to find your Eververse purchases.
Wrapped items will still display in their relevant areas (Example: Ghosts in Ghosts container) as well as this new area.
General

Added several economy-related load screen hints.
Gameplay and Investment
Weapons

Fixed an issue that prevented Coldheart's "Longest Winter" perk from triggering through a Citan's Ramparts Assault Barrier. 
Fixed an issue that prevented Devil's Ruin from firing its charged shot after activating a roaming Super.
Fixed Polaris Lance's Perfect Fifth perk.
Quickly shooting a sixth shot no longer cancels the explosion from the fifth shot. 
Crucible, Gambit, Vanguard, Event package, and Gunsmith Engram reward weapon drops now pull from the shared world Legendary pool.
Additional information can be found in the "This Week at Bungie - 5/21/2020" blog article.
Season 8 and Season 9 Season Pass and Exotic quest weapons can be acquired from the Cryptarchs.
Related quests have been removed.
Weapon ornaments have been added to Collections.
Reload Perk Changes
Design notes:
Reload stat: 0-100, and maps onto an archetype-specific reload animation speed.
Reload duration scale: most reload perks also apply a small multiplier to the reload animation, so that if the reload stat is capped, you still see a small speed bump (the same applies to some other perks, e.g. those that affect handling).
Reload empty duration scale: as above, but only applies if the magazine is empty.
Note that because most weapons have fairly high reload stats, dropping reload bonus from +100 to +50 will still cap the reload stat most of the time, resulting in an overall fairly small change to final speed (this still opens some design space however),
Outlaw
Reload stat from +100 to +50.
Reload duration scale from 0.8 to 0.9.
Feeding Frenzy
Functionality changed to give increased reload speed based on number of rapid kills (up to five stacks).
Max reload duration scale from 0.83 to 0.8 (i.e. a little faster than currently).
Max reload stat unchanged at +100.
Rapid Hit
Adjusted stack to stat mod curve to give less benefit for the first hit and more with subsequent hits.
Reload stat from +100 to +60.
Reload duration scale from 0.8 to 0.925.
Stability stat from +50 to +25.
Drop Mag
Reload duration scale from 0.85 to 0.9 (which just brings it in line with Outlaw).
Field Prep - unchanged, but for reference:
Reload stat +50
Reload duration scale 0.8
Alloy Mag - unchanged, but for reference:
Reload empty duration scale 0.6666

Other Perk Changes
Dynamic Sway Reduction
Adds 10 stability over time in addition to accuracy.
Pulse Monitor
Reload amount from 0.35 to 1.0.
+50 handling
5% faster swap speed (this will be most noticeable if the above caps handling stat).
This works on stowed weapons too, which was already the case but makes it a lot more useful.
Hipfire Grip
1.2x aim assist falloff.
+15 aim assist.
+1.7 degrees precision hip fire angle threshold.
By default, when hip-firing a weapon the center of your reticle must be over a target in order to get a crit, otherwise aim assist will give you a body shot. This change gives you a little leniency, so if the center of your reticle is not directly over a target you will still get the crit if you're within this angle.
Has no effect on Sniper Rifles.
Sneak Bow
Now doesn't ping radar when shooting.

General Archetype Changes
Slug Shotgun PvE Damage + 30%.
High-Impact Pulse Rifle damage per bullet from 21 to 22 - this changes it from six crits to five crits/one body to kill a guardian in PvP at most resiliences.
Bow PvE damage vs minors + 10%

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug in which casting Ward of Dawn from extremely high platforms allows players to retain the Damage Resistance from the activation.
Fixed a bug in which players can get into a state where their Fist of Havoc melee attack will be replaced with a sword swing.
Made it so it's harder to deal significant damage to yourself with Handheld Supernova when used in the air.
Perks that grant partial weapon ammo now respect shot count for burst weapons. This means that these perks will now work correctly on Pulse Rifles, Fusion Rifles, and Burst Sidearms, so these perks will be more common on those weapon archetypes in the future.
Slideways
Slideshot
Ambitious Assassin
Subsistence
Overflow
Lead from Gold
Clown Cartridge
Armor

The Powerful Friends armor mod will no longer stack. If multiple copies of this mod are equipped, the mods will provide no bonus stats.
Developer Commentary:
Only Solar Seasonal mods are intended to stack. No part of Arc mods are intended to have stacking functionality.
Powerful Friends granted +20 to Mobility, which players could leverage to get three stat columns to the max of 100 points. The mod is not priced sufficiently to justify its benefits, and increasing its cost would have adverse effects on its primary benefit usage.
Season 11 introduces a new Arc mod, granting a similar stat bonus to Strength and will not stack.
Enhanced Auto Rifle Loader, Enhance Fusion Rifle Loader, and Enhanced Bow Loader armor mods now have a chance to drop from pinnacle mod sources.
Addressed several mod visibility and source string issues in the Mods Collection screen.
Fixed a bug that was causing the Felwinter's Helm perk "Warlords End" to activate inconsistently.
Fixed a bug that prevented Dunemarcher's Linear Actuators perk from triggering on yellow bars.
Finishers

Fixed a bug that allowed players to get outside the map using the Gladiator's Bladerush finisher.
Power and Progression

The power cap for weapons and armor has risen 50 points. All sources will now offer upgrades up to 1000, powerful sources up to 1050, and pinnacle sources will go to 1060.
Bounties and Pursuits

Add three hours to the expiration time of all daily and repeatable bounties across the game.
Tower repeatable bounties now display (Random Objective) on the vendor before purchase.
Werner's Benevolence bounty will now trigger its associated Triumph.
Raid Rewards

The following raid Exotics now have increased drop chances:

One Thousand Voices
Anarchy
Always on Time (Exotic Sparrow from secret chest in Scourge of the Past)
NOTE: Drop chance begins at 10% and increases to a max of 50% over 20 clears.

Vendor
Added the ability to use an Exotic Cipher to purchase a second Fated engram from Xr each week.

Platforms and Systems
Fixed an issue where FPS could lock at 30 FPS when relaunching the game on Steam.
General
The Season 10 Luminous Bright Engram has been retired, and in its place players can now obtain the new Season 11 Mnemonic Bright Engram.
Added a new "Flair" section to the Bright Dust tab of the Eververse that contains only Shaders and Spawn FX.
Fixed a bug that caused the Season Pass post-purchase screens to display in the reverse order.
A Warmind-themed Exotic Ghost is available on the Cryptarch to pick up free of charge for anyone who owned the Season 10 Season Pass.
Multiple changes to the Season Pass rewards have been made, including:
Consolidation of multiple Glimmer rewards.
Removal of Legendary Weapon Ornaments.
Addition of multiple Bright Dust reward points and increase of existing ones.
Increased drop chance of Heroic Menagerie ship from 5% to 20%.
Fixed an issue that caused older quests to sort in front of newer quests when players logged in. 
Ranking up the Season Pass no longer fills your Super meter. 
Fixed a bug that prevented players from earning the Benevolence triumph. 
Fixed a crash that could occur in Gambit while performing a finisher. 

Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.8.1.3
Fixed an issue blocking progress of "The Lie" quest.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.8.1.2
Armor
Fixed an issue with Titan exotic Wormgod Caress which was allowing for upkeep of the Burning Fists stacking melee buff far beyond it's intended duration.
Fixed an issue with Warlock exotic Winter's Guile which was allowing for upkeep of the Warlord's Sigil stacking melee buff far beyond it's intended duration.
Fixed an issue where players could earn a Sentinel Super within 10 seconds using the Grasp of the Warmind carry object.
Players can no longer melee while holding on to the Grasp of the Warmind carry object.
Clans
Fixed an issue where the additional Clan Bounty unlocked from reaching Clan rank 6 was not being made available from Hawthorne
Progression
Fixed an issue where it was possible for the Small Fireteam XP Boost from the Season Pass to apply the wrong XP Boost.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.8.1.1
Combat
Fixed an issue that allowed Guardian's to quickly regain ability energy by picking up Warmind Cells. 
Rewards
Exotics
Hard Light
Hard Light's damage falloff now floors at 0.7x (Auto Rifles use 0.5x standard).
Split ricochet bonus damage between PvE and PvP.
PvE damage remains at 2.0x.
PvP damage is now 1.35x.
Removed a recoil adjustment that made the weapon more stable than intended.
Season Pass
Level 32 and 92 upgrades now unlocks for all three characters. Players who were previously locked out of these Season bonuses can now access them.

Destiny 2 Update 2.8.1
Combat
Fixed an issue in which Ward of Dawn was not generating Orbs of Light.
Fixed an issue in which Ward of Dawn could not be activated while holding a Sword.
Fixed an issue in which casting Nova Bomb would consume your melee ability (Attunement of Hunger).
Emblems and Trackers
The "Playin' the Odds" emblem earned through the Gambit intro quest is now always claimable from Collections.
Players who have completed the Divinity mission, but did not correctly receive the Exotic Trace Rifle Divinity, will now have it unlocked and available to reacquire in their Collections.
Players who have completed the Forsaken campaign will find The Lawless Frontier lore book entry "By Thy Tongue Be Damned" completed and available to claim.
Emblem metrics added for emblem stat trackers that were present before 2.8.0, and display the same data as before.
Trackers added:
Season 8 Season Pass Rank Earned
Season 9 Season Pass Rank Earned
Fractaline Donated
Kills as a Sentinel Titan
Kills as a Striker Titan
Kills as a Sunbreaker Titan
Kills as a Arcstrider Hunter
Kills as a Nightstalker Hunter
Kills as a Gunslinger Hunter
Kills as a Stormcaller Warlock
Kills as a Dawnblade Warlock
Kills as a Voidwalker Warlock
Gold Medals Earned
Longest Glory Win Streak
Total Valor Resets
Pit of Heresy Solo Flawless Completions
Kills of Final Bosses in Hive Escalation
Completed Nightmare Hunts on Master Difficulty
Medal Tracker - 7th Column
Medal Tracker - Annihilation
Medal Tracker - We Ran out of Medals
Medal Tracker - Ghost in the Night
Medal Tracker - This Crown is Mine
Medal Tracker - I Made This for You
Medal Tracker - Undefeated
Wins in Trials of the Nine
Flawless Tickets in Trials of the Nine
Kills in Crimson Doubles
Defeated Opponents When Under Effects of Iron Burden
Black Armory Forge Completions
Kills of Haunted Forest Terrors
Deepest Branch of Haunted Forest Cleared
Recipes Baked
Completed Branches of Verdant Forest
Number of Revelric Light Triggers During the Revelry
Completed Tier 3 Encounters During the Reckoning
Completions of Menagerie
Completions of Heroic Menagerie
Candy Collected
Rewards
Armor
The Titan's Phoenix Cradle Exotic leg armor now correctly creates sunspots that have an extended duration and apply their benefits to allies when the Titan wearing the armor gets a weapon kill while standing in a sunspot.
Fixed an issue where the Warlock's Felwinter's Helm Exotic would incorrectly trigger after swapping the item off and on again.
Fixed an issue where some faction armors were not correctly allowing players to apply Faction Rally ornaments to them.
Seasonal mod sockets have been added to all armors available from world drops. See this article for more details.
Players who met the requirements, but were missing Prestige ornaments for the Eater of Worlds raid lair, will now have them unlocked and available for use.
New players can still obtain Prestige ornaments from completing the Prestige (Heroic) Eater of Worlds raid lair along with the appropriate Leviathan boss challenges.
Fixed an issue that could prevent Eater of Worlds Prestige ornaments from appearing in the ornament slot on appropriate raid gear.
The Titan's Aeon Safe Exotic gauntlets now lists the same melee trigger requirement on both its Tooltip and Details screens.
The Mantle of Remembrance ornament for Hunters' Exotic gauntlets Shinobu's Vow will now properly replace the item icon to reflect the change in appearance.
The Diadem of Deceit Exotic ornament is now usable on the Year 1 version of the Warlock Exotic helm Crown of Tempests.
The Nano Redux Exotic ornament is now usable on the Year 1 version of the Hunter Exotic chest armor Raiden Flux.
The Huskcrushers Exotic ornament is now usable on the Year 1 version of the Titan Exotic leg armor Dunemarchers.
The chest armor mod Large Arm Reserves now properly provides increased ammo reserves for Shotguns.
Economy
Nightfall: The Ordeal Grandmaster difficulty now grants Season 10 Season Pass Exotic weapon catalyst quest progression.
Crimson Day Sparrows now have the correct event watermark (was The Dawning).
Duplicate individual emotes purchased separately from a bundle can now be opened.
Universal ornaments being sold for Bright Dust in the Eververse store now properly display the text "Already Purchased on Account" when owned.
Fixed an issue that caused the Warlock Season Pass universal chest ornament to erroneously cause an unreleased event's universal ornament to also display as unlocked.
Trials of Osiris Ghost Shell will now drop with Crucible-related perks.
Power and Progression
Four weekly Powerful gear sources upgraded to Pinnacle (+1): Crucible, Strike, and Gambit challenges, and the weekly clan engram.
Fixed an issue where the Trials vendor engram was not previewing rewards at the correct power level.
Weapons
Fixed an issue with The Fourth Horseman where its Broadside perk would fail to replicate its effects over the network.
Fixed an issue with Breech Loaded (Special ammo) Grenade Launchers that resulted in them having a significantly reduced blast radius.
World Systems
Completing Warden of Nothing now counts for a Fallen boss kill for the weekly Strike bounty: Serve the Servitors.
Fixed an issue causing Warden of Nothing to give double Champion Rewards.
For the Wish-Ender Exotic quest, any players who were missing Uncharged Tokens after turning in their Awoken Talisman and then completing the "???" secret mission, will now find them in their Pursuits.
If a player's Pursuits are full, they will find the Uncharged Tokens added once they've cleared some space and then returned to orbit or re-logged into Destiny 2.
Dreaming City world chests are awarding Glimmer again.
Fixed an issue where players could get blocked from obtaining the Essence from the Bad Juju mission The Other Side, preventing completion of the Bad Juju Exotic quest Spellbound.
A player could get into a bad state if, before being on the quest themselves, they joined another player on the appropriate quest step, completed The Other Side mission, obtained the Essence, and then bound it to obtain Bad Juju.
Players in this bad state, who have obtained Bad Juju and completed The Other Side mission, but have not completed the Spellbound Exotic quest, will now be able to Bind Essence at the altar to complete it.
Fixed an issue causing a crash when players attempted to turn in their Awoken Talisman to the statue of Sjur Eido in the Shattered Throne dungeon.
UI
Made a change so that completed bounties now sort to the top of the bounty bucket, grouping them together. 
Friends listed in a player's roster should no longer show up as black nameplates with zero Power.
General
Fixed an issue where the Champion Servitor's invulnerability beams were not appearing during Seraph Tower events.
Fixed a string identifying for the four Seraph weapons to include the word "Source:" so players know where to obtain the weapons.
Fixed an issue where the Rasputin bounty, The Lost Classics was not counting Classic Mix matches.
Added the activity rejoin functionality in the Trials playlist.
Fixed an issue where fully upgrading a destination bunker sometimes doesn't unlock the Warmind Security Triumph.
The "Seasonal Triumphs Complete" field now increments when Triumphs are completed.
Added Vex barriers to the Grove of Ulan-Tan Legendary Lost Sector.
Fixed an issue in the Seraph Towers public event where Ana's dialog would still call out towers being overwhelmed when the towers are down and Champions are present in the final phase.
Fixed an issue with the Heavy Frame spawning away from its platform in The Quarry and Scavenger's Den Legendary Lost Sectors on EDZ.
Fixed an issue affecting the difficulty scaling of several activities including Whisper of the Worm and Zero Hour missions.

Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.8.0.2
Fixed an issue where Trials of Osiris challenges were not being reset properly, causing some players to not receive rewards.
Fixed an issue where players were not getting the correct amount of planetary materials from bunker upgrades.
Fixed an issue where Titan Season Pass arms ornament would block first-person view.
Season Pass SMG and Shotgun will now create Warmind cells with Season Pass ornaments equipped.
Fixed an issue where Sentinel Titans were able to extend Sentinel Shield/Banner Shield by suppressing themselves.
Fixed an issue with Raiju's Harness that allowed players to hold Whirlwind Guard indefinitely.
Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.8.0.1
Artifact Power will be disabled for Trials of Osiris and Iron Banner
The missing hidden triumph for the Almighty Seal can now be seen

Destiny 2 Update 2.8.0
Combat Systems
Abilities
Titan
Barricade
Raised Barricade health from 500 to 600
Barricades now take extra damage from special-ammo weapons, anti-barrier weapons, and certain power weapons
The following weapons do 30% extra damage to Barricades
Sniper Rifles
Grenade Launchers
Linear Fusion Rifles
Machine Guns
Trace Rifles
Anti-Barrier Weapons
The following weapons do 60% extra damage to Barricades
Shotguns
Fusion Rifles
Shoulder Charges (Hammer Strike, Seismic Strike, Shield Bash)
Lunge auto-targeting angle decreased by 50%
Targeted lunge movement distance decreased from 6m to 5.5m
Untargeted lunge movement distance increased from 4.5m to 5.5m
Bonus damage vs. low-tier PvE combatants reduced by 20%
Striker
Fist of Havoc Super
Increased cost of light attack from 11.5% to 12.5% (Bottom Tree increased from 3% to 4.5%)
Reduced cost of heavy attack from 25% to 21%
Code of the Juggernaut
Frontal Assault
Reduced duration from 15 to 12 seconds
No longer increases weapon equip speed
Weapon stability bonus decreased from 75 to 44
Code of the Missile
Ballistic Slam
Increased knockback significantly
Now procs inertia override on hit
Bonus damage vs. low-tier PvE combatants reduced by 20%
Inertia Override
Added 0.5 second activation delay
Note: This change was made to allow the Titan to make the most of its duration
Ability indicator now displays time remaining
Thundercrash
Increased damage resistance while in super from 49% to 53%
Made flight speed more consistent
Increased detonation damage from 3200 to 3900
Impact Conversion
Reduced super-energy gain per hit from 4% to 3%
Sunbreaker
Code of the Devastator
Burning Maul
Reduced idle super duration from 28 seconds to 25 seconds
Heavy-slam explosion is now less likely to deal damage through cover
Added damage falloff to heavy-slam explosion
Fixed an issue in which ground follow attacks can go through walls
Hunter
Gunslinger
Tripmine Grenade
Can now stick to enemy players and combatants
Reduced base damage to 140
Damage remains at 160 when used with Young Ahamkara's Spine exotic
Way of a Thousand Cuts
Blade Barrage
Knife impact damage increased from 35 to 48
Reduced knife detonation radius from 5m to 3m
Should no longer apply large amounts of knockback to tanky combatants
Way of the Sharpshooter
Weighted Knife
Reduced tracking strength
Changed tracking style to reduce the chance of the knife being pulled away from its intended target
Arcstrider
General
Fixed an issue in which players in Arcstaff were able to dodge infinitely even after the super energy has been depleted
Way of the Current
Tempest Strike
Reduced auto-targeting angle by 50%
Bonus damage vs. low-tier PvE combatants reduced by 20%
Way of the Wind
Focused Breathing
Increased activation delay while sprinting from 0.25 seconds to 1.0 second
Reduced dodge recharge rate bonus by 10%
Combat Meditation
Reduced grenade and melee recharge rate increase while health is critical from 500% to 400%
Lightning Reflexes
Reduced Damage Reduction during dodge in PvP from 40% to 32%
Nightstalker
Way of the Pathfinder
Moebius Quiver
Increased time limit from 8 seconds to 10 seconds
Increased time limit from 10 seconds to 12 seconds when used with Orpheus Rig
Combat Provision
Increased melee recharge on grenade damage from 6% to 8%
Increased grenade recharge when you turn an ally invisible from 17.5% to 24%
Warlock
Basic Melee
Extended melee range from 4.5m to 5.5m
The Warlock melee range is now one meter longer than Titan and Hunter melees
All Warlock melee abilities that had a 4.5m range now have a 5.5m range
Note: Ophidian Aspect melee range is unchanged at 6.5m
Stormcaller
Stormtrance 
Damage ramp-up now falls off more slowly after releasing attack button
Attunement of Conduction
Arc Web
Reduced chain damage from 36 to 27
Reduced grenade energy recharge on chain
3% to 2% in PvE
10% to 8% in PvP
Reduced chain range from 12m to 11m
Ionic Blink
Increased super-energy cost from 4% to 6%
Reduced range of blink from 4.5m to 4.2m
Chain Lightning Melee
Reduced chain damage from 31 to 27
Attunement of Control
Ionic Trace
Increased leyline height so its more easily collected while airborne
Increased leyline travel speed by 14%
Increased leyline turn speed by 83%
Chaos Reach
Increased beam endpoint radius from 2m to 2.4m
Reduced intensity of VFX to improve visibility
Attunement of the Elements
Electrostatic Surge
Now correctly increases class-ability regen when near allies
Note: Was mistakenly increasing Super regen previously
Voidwalker
Attunement of Fission
Handheld Supernova
Reduced range by 20%
Increased activation time by 0.6 seconds
Reduced hold time from 3.5 seconds to 2.5 seconds
Bolt explosion now does self damage
Tightened horizontal spread of bolts by 25%
Reduced bolt explosion radius from 3m to 2.5m
Nova Warp
Increased damage reduction from 49% to 51%
Increased idle super duration from 22 seconds to 24 seconds
Reduced cost of Dark Blink by 12.5%
Dark Matter
Increased grenade recharge on kill from 10% to 14%
Attunement of Hunger
Vortex
Increased linger duration from 5 seconds to 7 seconds
Reduced linger damage per tick from 27 to 24
Increased projectile speed by 33%
Nova Bomb kills now proc Devour
Devour
Increased Devour duration from 10 seconds to 11 seconds
Insatiable
Kills now grant between 16% and 24% grenade energy depending on the tier of enemy killed
Player kills are 24%
Dawnblade
Attunement of Sky
Heat Rises
Fixed an issue in which Heat Rises buff was causing combatants to ignore you
Icarus Dash
Fixed an issue in which Icarus Dash cooldown was interfering with the Daybreak dodge

Armor
Increased the number of armor sets available from world drops to 11 sets, up from 3. 
Several sets that were previously unavailable or extremely difficult to come by are now available as world drops.
Armor Energy
You can now change the energy type of any piece of armor to either of the other two energy types directly from the armor piece's inspection screen by hovering the cursor over the armor's energy icon.
The cost of changing the armor to another energy type at energy value 1 is 1 Upgrade Module.
You can also change the armor to another energy type at the equivalent energy value to its current energy value. The cost for doing so is 1 Upgrade Module + the aggregate cost of upgrading from energy value 1 to its current energy value.
Armor Stats
Prime Engrams will now more reliably drop armor with higher overall stat rolls and spikier distributions.
Exotic armor will now more reliably drop with higher overall stat rolls
Legendary armor now has an improved chance of receiving higher overall stat rolls, though low rolls will still be present
Armor Mods
The seasonal armor mod socket (i.e. Undying Mods, Dawn Mods) can now equip mods released during the season in which it was released, plus the previous season and the following season.
For example, armor with the Dawn Mod socket (from Season 9) can now equip Dawn Mods, Undying Mods (from Season 8), and Worthy Mods (from Season 10)
The Hands-On mod now provides energy on projectile melee kills (such as the hunter's throwing knife)
Enhanced armor mods have been added to cover all weapon types for all armor mods that have an enhanced version.
Exotics
Hunter
Assassin's Cowl
The invisibility and healing effect now triggers on powered melee (both against combatants and Guardians) and finishers
The duration of the invisibility granted by this exotic increases based on the tier of the enemy defeated
Arc Staff kills no longer activate this perk
FROST-EE5
Changed the ability regeneration so that it no longer stacks multiplicatively with other class ability energy generating perks. 
Khepri's Sting
All of your smoke bombs deal 150% damage while wearing this exotic
Orpheus Rigs
The maximum amount of Super you can regain from this exotic with a single use of Shadowshot is 50%.
Young Ahamkara's Spine
Increases the explosion radius for tripmines by 14%.
Titan
Ashen Wake
Killing an enemy with a Fusion Grenade while wearing this exotic now refunds grenade energy. The amount of grenade energy refunded scales based on the tier of enemy killed.
Anteus Wards
The shield created during a slide no longer allows chip damage through
Doomfang Pauldrons
Fixed an issue where Doomfang Pauldrons would sometimes grant Super energy from melee kills while in your Super
Dunemarchers
Increase the radius of static charge to 20 meters, up from 12 meters. 
Mk. 44 Stand Asides
Reduced the delay from the start of sprinting until the overshield comes in to 0.5 seconds, down from 1.25 seconds.
One-Eyed Mask
The target marking from this exotic has been replaced with target highlighting, eliminating the ability to detect targets through walls
No longer provides a damage bonus when defeating your marked target
Restored the previous overshield granted by defeating your marked target, which now has a duration of 6 seconds (down from 8)
Severance Enclosure
The explosion now triggers on powered melee (both against combatants and Guardians) and finishers
The radius and damage of the explosion created by this exotic increases based on the tier of the enemy defeated
Warlock
Apotheosis Veil
This exotic is now guaranteed to drop with a minimum +16 to Intellect.
Contraverse Hold
Reduced the damage reduction granted by this exotic to 20%, down from 40%
Sanguine Alchemy
Completely redesigned with a new perk, Blood Magic, that allows the wearer to pause the countdown timer of any rift they are standing in by getting weapon kills, extending the rift's duration.
Ophidian Aspects
Now increases the lunge range of all Warlock melee attacks, even if the ability is on cooldown.
Verity's Brow
The buff provided by this exotic now increases your grenade damage by 10% per stack
The buff to allies' grenade recharge rates now kicks in when you cast your grenade
The wearer of this exotic now receives buff text notification indicating how many allies are currently benefiting from your increased grenade recharge
Weapons
Exotics
Izanagi's Burden
Honed Edge's animation is no longer affected by reload speed.
Outlaw has been replaced with No Distractions.
The Last Word
Fan Fire
Now adjusts the precision scalar of the weapon while hip-firing
Impact values have been adjusted
68.27/52.2 Precision Hip/ADS (Previously 67.95/67.95)
38/38 Non-Precision Hip/ADS: (Previously 50.01/50.01)
Aiming down sights no longer provides additional effective range (damage falloff) for this weapon
Reduced stability for Mouse and Keyboard input
Adjusted the way target acquisition is handled for this weapon in hipfire to improve the experience
Reduced the effective range of this weapon
Fighting Lion
Due to backend changes with the grenade launcher archetype, Fighting Lion inherited minor adjustments
Rate of Fire increased from 72 RPM to 90 RPM
Direct hit damage in PvE is now 35 (Previously 27)
Devil's Ruin
Fixed an bug that allowed Pyrogenesis to proc in unintended circumstances, allowing the laser to be fired repeatedly
Symmetry
Fixed an issue that caused the weapon to randomly stop firing.
Fixed an issue where this weapon could damage allies under some circumstances
Lord of Wolves
Release the Wolves now significantly reduces the accuracy of the weapon while active.
Reduced stability for Mouse and Keyboard input
Swords
Sword attacks for all sword types have been altered, generally increased in efficacy to account for the energy system.
Sword stats are now the following:
Impact
Swing Speed
Charge Rate
How fast this weapon recharges its energy.
Guard Resistance
Damage reduction while guarding with this weapon against most attacks.
Guard Efficiency
Reduces the amount of energy required to guard an attack.
Guard Endurance
How long you can maintain your guard with this weapon.
Ammo Capacity
Energy
Swords now replace your melee ability with the Sword's energy meter while wielded. This energy recovers naturally on its own and is consumed by different Sword related actions.
Light attacks
Light attack strings can now be endlessly looped on all sword sub-archetypes.
Light attacks for all sub-archetypes can now cleave to hit multiple enemies.
Heavy attacks
Heavy attacks have consume your Sword's energy when activated.
Note: Different swords can consume different amount of energy based on the attack used.
If your energy is full, your heavy attack is stronger. The reverse is also true.
Guard action
Guarding no longer consumes ammo, but instead uses the Sword's energy while active.
Note: You still require a minimum of 1 available ammo to begin guarding.
Shield Bypass
A portion of damage from Sword attacks now bypass elemental shields to strike the target directly.
Note: There are exceptions to this rule, particularly for projectile based attacks that Swords generate.
Sword Perks
Whirlwind Blade
This effect will now also end if the player guards.
Multi-Hit attacks no longer count as more than one hit.
En Garde
Reduced the damage bonus from +50% to +30%
Shattering Blade
Reduced the damage bonus from 3x to ~1.67x
Energy Transfer
Reduced the amount of ability energy gained from this perk due to Guard no longer consuming ammunition
Counterattack
Changed the activation requirements:
Blocking an attack immediately after guarding increases damage for a short duration.
Duration is now 2 seconds (Previously 5)
Glide can no longer be activated during sword attacks or other full body melee attacks.
Grenade Launchers
Aggressive Frame grenade launchers are now Rapid-Fire Frame grenade launchers
Rapid-Fire Frame grenade launchers have had their damage reduced to account for their Rate of Fire (0.8x), but now also have increased reserves.
Previously, Aggressive Frame grenade launchers fired faster than Adaptive but had the same damage.
Damage to Major enemies and above by Power weapon grenade launchers reduced by ~10%
Sniper Rifles
Damage to Major enemies and above reduced to pre Shadowkeep values (~-20%)
Adaptive Snipers
Reduced precision multiplier from 3.25x to 2.95x
Rapid-Fire Snipers
Reduced base impact from 100 damage to 90 damage
Shotguns
Target acquisition for non slug shotguns has been adjusted to no longer account for precision locations.
Previously, target acquisition could actually cause the player's spread to deviate from the intended aim vector, causing most of the spread to miss.
Cone angle is now adjusted on a per sub-archetype basis and is no longer adjusted by the Range stat.
Aiming down sights no longer adjusts effective range for this weapon archetype
Fusion Rifles
Target acquisition for fusion rifles has been adjusted to no longer account for precision locations.
Previously, target acquisition could actually cause the player's volley to deviate from the intended aim vector, causing most of the volley to miss.
Damage falloff for this weapon archetype can now floor at 0.5x (Previously 0.75x)
Effective range and the impact of the optics stat for this weapon archetype has been reduced across the board.
Auto Rifles
The following impact values have changed:
Precision Frame
17/27.2 Default/Precision (Previously 17/25.5)
Adaptive Frame
15.75/25.2 Default/Precision (Previously 13.75/22)
Rapid-Fire Frame
13.4/20.1 Default/Precision (Previously 12.5/18.75)
Weapon Perks
Backup Plan
Backup plan now adjusts impact to match the Rapid-Fire sub-archetype while active.
Charge time is now set to match the Rapid-Fire's sub-archetype * 0.85 while active.
One-Two Punch
The effect now ends upon dealing melee damage or swapping weapons.
General
Fixed issue with emissive elements on the following weapons and ornaments
One Thousand Voices
Summer Storm for Riskrunner
Jade Countenance for Fighting Lion
Fixed an issue where Multikill Clip would remain active indefinitely.
Fixed an issue where killing Shanks with Lumina would not reliably generate a Remnant.
Fixed an issue where Wish-Ender would deal more damage than intended when shooting through certain objects.
Fixed an issue where large portions of the Packmaster's Command ornament for Lord of Wolves would disappear when standing next to a wall.
Player Identity Systems
Emblems
Stat Trackers
Emblems now use an updated details screen to support Stat Trackers.
All Emblems now have Stat Trackers that can be equipped and unequipped
The Stat Trackers available on an emblem are related to the emblem's source/category.
Stat Trackers are broken down into categories based on Activity and Time-span
Activity Categories are:
Seasons
Account
Crucible
Destination
Gambit
Raids
Strikes
Trials of Osiris
Time Span Categories are:
Weekly
Seasonal
Career*
*Note: Career stats respect pre-Season 10 data where possible but otherwise will begin tracking in Season 10
All of the Above
Stat Trackers can become Gilded when Stats reach certain thresholds
Stat Trackers now have their own dedicated section, which players can access through the Triumphs screen.
Stat Trackers are categorized into Seasonal, Weekly, Career and All. 
Stat Trackers are sub-categorized by Stat Tracker type.
Feature Triumphs on the Triumphs overview have been reduced from displaying 3 to 1
Collections
The Emblem collection has been reorganized to reflect the Stat Trackers structure
Emblem Variants
Emblem Variants have been converted into their own Emblem items
Emblem Perks and Auras
Emblem Perks and Auras have been removed from Emblems.
Clans
Clan Banner Perks have been updated for Season 10
Accessories
Ships
Fixed an effects issue on Lost Legend's engines
Ghosts
Fixed an animation issue with Sanctum Plate Shell
Sparrows
Updated thruster effects for Dawning sparrows Chill of Winter and Holiday Cheer
Fixed effects issues for Azure Azazyel and The Bronco
Investment
The season 9 Fond Memories Bright Engram has been retired, and in its place players can now obtain the new Season 10 Luminous Bright Engram
Bright Engrams are no longer available for purchase in the Eververse store, and instead can only be earned by leveling up the Season Pass
In place of the Bright Engram, the Eververse store now offers a Silver sale item that will refresh daily
The Gunsmith now has a chance of selling Season 9 seasonal armor mods
"Improved Crucible Scanner" Ghost Shell perk has been created and has a chance to roll on Crucible-themed Ghosts
Two new consumables are available in the Eververse store for Bright Dust, the Scavenger's Boon and the Glimmershard (both 250 Bright Dust each)
Scavenger's Boon:
When used, this item causes enemies killed with precision damage to have a chance to drop Planetary Materials when defeated
The effect lasts 4 hours
Note that only one Scavenger's Boon can be active at a time
Glimmershard:
When used, this item causes bosses to have a chance to drop additional Glimmer when defeated
The effect lasts 4 hours
Note that only one Glimmershard can be active at a time
Multiple bugs fixed to ensure various Legendary Engram previews accurately represent their contents
Shadowkeep campaign reward exotic armor now has the proper source string in Collections
Eververse store bundles with prices that have been reduced due to owning some of the contents no longer are advertised as "Sale", and instead read "Complete the Set"
Season 8 weapons acquired from the Season Pass now have a valid source string in Collections
Several multiplayer emotes that had an item type of "Emote" now have the correct item type on their tooltip, "Multiplayer Emote"
Year 3 exotic armor items in Xur's inventory now properly require Shadowkeep instead of the Season Pass
Mod Components no longer dismantle as a stack
Power and Progression
Updated XP rewards from Mars ambient chests and public spaces to be consistent with Shadowkeep values.
Reduced the power of the incomplete version of 'Legend of Acrius' when purchased from a vendor.
Paid character boosts raise the player to the new soft cap of 950.
Note: Players cannot purchase a character boost until their first character has reached the soft cap.
User Interface
Fixed an issue where some items were not being properly displayed in Collections.
Fixed an issue where players don't receive a "Fireteam Chat Not Available" message when Steam is down.
Fixed an issue where tracking a pursuit would dismiss the Release Icon.
Fixed an issue where incorrect icons were appearing during "The Other Side" mission.
Fixed an issue where Open Fireteam slots were being displayed after dismissing activity selection.
Fixed an issue where a placeholder tooltip could appear while in Orbit.
Fixed an issue that caused some Graphical Corruption when navigating to the Seasons screen.
Fixed an issue where the Rank 50 toast would display overlapping numbers.
Fixed an issue where we displayed a misalignment in the Post-Purchase Animation.
Fixed an issue where the Launch Overlay would not dismiss when navigating to the Quests Screen.
Console Settings UI screen layouts have changed to match the experience on PC, allowing for future updates.
Settings that use the carousel selection method can now be navigated using d-pad input when focused.
Added a Favorite augment over the Finisher icon to easily determine which Finishers are currently the player's favorites.
Added game hints during loading screens.
Added the ability to change the color of the Reticle on Consoles.
Players can choose from 7 different colors, matching PC.
Added a Completion State to Seasons Pass Bonuses.
Added Categories to the Quests Screen.
Quest Items will now be automatically filtered to any of the seven categories:
New Light
Note: This category will hide if there are no active New Light quests in the character's inventory.
All Quests
Shadowkeep
Seasonal
Playlists
Exotics
The Past
The Quest tab will now display a sheen animation when there are new quest items available.
The sheen is dismissed by hovering over the new quest item.
Added comma separators to the Glimmer count in the loot stream.
No longer keeps me awake at night.
Changing fireteams on the PVP Private Matches Launch Screen now uses Left/Right buttons.
Players can now see which Seasons they own by looking at the Season Rank tooltip in the Seasons Screen.
Frontline - General Bug Fixes / Quality of Life
(Frontline is a team dedicated to fixing an assortment of issues, no matter their area. Say hello!)

Combat
Changes were made to Cabal Psion's Psionic Rupture ground attack to improve client performance during heated engagements.
Elite, Mini-Boss, and Boss nameplates will now correctly display as "friendly" when invading during Gambit matches.
The Hunter Tempest strike melee ability can now be performed when using PC controls where Sprint is set to "Hold".
Titan Sunbreaker melee ability "Mortar Blast" will now more consistently deliver its detonation damage in Crucible.
Friendly projectiles that travel along the ground will pass through ally Titan Banner Shields. Burning Maul and Voidwall Grenade are examples of abilities that generate ground follow projectiles. 
Hunter exotic "Liar's Handshake" Cross Counter melee damage buff will now expire as intended after picking up a carry object (such as a Forge Battery)
Fixed an issue where Hunter's would remain off radar for too long when coming out of invisibility while crouched. 
Getting killed by "The Cut and Run" scout rifle now properly displays an Obituary icon in the battle feed.
Character Sub-Classes with ranged melee abilities will now count towards Melee Kill bounties and Triumphs. (These include Titan Hammer Throw, Hunter Throwing Knives and Corrosive Smoke Bomb, and Warlock Celestial Fire and Ball Lightning.)
Weekly Strike Bounties for Hive and Vex boss kills will now award progress to players for killing Savathun's Song (Shrieker Boss), Xol (Hive Worm God), and the Garden World strike's Vex Cyclops Boss.
The Inspect Player function for the PS4 "Jumper" button layout will now properly trigger off of holding L1+R1 as indicated.
Hunters should no longer be able to get into an "immune to damage" state using a Sword and the Card Shuffle emote.
Player Identity
Crucible Triumph Challenge Accepted now requires 10 Weekly Challenges to complete.
The "Additional Bounties" from Vanguard, Crucible and Gambit vendors will now progress their corresponding Daily Bounty Triumphs; Vanguard Agent, Mercenary and Daily Bounty.
The Fastidious Miser Triumph will now be correctly progressed and completed for Players who've found all 30 Ascendant Chests across the three Curse Weeks in the Dreaming City, and have claimed those corresponding Triumphs.
The "Earned while leveling" mods will now properly show as unlocked in Collections across all categories.  (Ex. Chest: Unflinching Light Arms Aim mod)
Removed a duplicate Worldline Zero Catalyst Triumph entry.
The Black Talon Catalyst Triumph will now correctly progress and complete from Black Talon kills, instead of Lord of Wolves.
The Forsaken Triumph 'WANTED: The Rifleman' can now be obtained from either killing the Rifleman or upon completion the corresponding Adventure mission.
This addresses a rare issue where a player may not receive credit for killing the Rifleman before the mission ended.
Rewards
The Sound effects from Warlock exotic "Transversive Steps" will now trigger only when a player has reserve ammo to refill their current weapon's magazine.
Black Armory Schematics can now be dismantled.  Dismantling will delete a single Schematic from the stack.
Obtaining the MIDA Catalyst is no longer impeded by playing with Clanmates.  Drop rates were adjusted and now properly scale with the Clan "Catalyst Seeker" Perk bonus.
Added drop chance for wins at Glory Rank 3 Fabled (5% without Clan bonus, 10% with Clan bonus)
Increased drop chance for wins at Glory Rank 4 Mythic (5% > 10% without Clan bonus, 10% > 30% with Clan bonus)
Now guaranteed drop for any win at Glory Rank 5 Legend.
The Well Well Well Gambit Invasion Medal Triumph now has an icon.
The Prime Attunement buff will now appear for any new characters upon reaching 900 Power, even if previous character was deleted.
Tess will no longer present the player with an empty Solstice of Heroes Gift screen.
World
The Rifleman will no longer occasionally disappear during the boss fight, prematurely ending the mission.
Crucible quest step "Forging the Broadsword - The constant" now specifically points players to complete Crucible Daily bounties.
The Malfeasance exotic quest no longer requires owning the Forsaken expansion. Players who pick-up the New Light Malfeasance Intro quest will now be awarded the "Darkness In the Light" quest step upon killing the Ascendant Servitor Primeval boss.
Addressed an issue with placing the tribute banner to open the Tribute Hall doors.  New Players, as well as any Players who were previously unable to, can now correctly place the banner, completing "The Tribute Hall" introduction quest. 
Improved Performance during the final boss fight of Garden of Salvation Raid.
Players should no longer be able to cause players to be kicked to Orbit during Crucible matches by repeatedly performing Titan Bubbles and Warlock Wells of Radiance.
Fixed and issue where players were having to wait for others to load in when traveling to the Tower.
Steam
Music volume is applied immediately instead of after the Bungie splash screen.
PC Client: fixed an issue that could slow load times for some users when the game wasn't in focus(Alt-tabbed to another window).
General
The Pigeon and the Phoenix lore book pages are now visible for players who earned them. Acquiring the Bastion Exotic Weapon will unlock all pages.
Dawning 2019 Gifts were well past their expiration date and can now be safely discarded.
Dawning Exotic Sparrow pursuit can no longer be acquired from Eva's abandoned quests section during other events.
Gambit and Crucible melee kills bounties will now properly count projectile melee abilities like Celestial Fire, Ball Lightning, and Throwing Knife.
Crucible
Trials of Osiris returns at last!
Talk to Saint-14 in the Tower Hangar to begin your Trials journey. The Trials playlist will first become available on Friday, 313.
The Anomaly, Cauldron, and Exodus Blue have been added to the Crucible map rotation. These maps will now appear in most playlists.
Fixed a large number of out-of-environment bugs on Distant Shore.
Fixed a large number of out-of-environment bugs on Fragment.
Performance
Fixed UI stuttering and framerate drops when loading or applying mods
Improved framerate in Gambit and Gambit Prime
Fixed framerate issues during the Sanctified Mind encounter of the Garden of Salvation Raid
Fixed framerate issues in the Pit of Heresy Dungeon, specifically in tunnel encounters
Fixed stutter at high framerate on PC
General improvements to performance on PC when a lot of debris is on the ground
Load time is no longer tied to framerate

Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.7.2.2
Sandbox
Warlocks

Fixed an issue where players could use the Dawnblade super even after all energy had been extinguished

Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.7.1.1.
Activities
Iron Banner

Added a Triumph to track Iron Banner Packages earned in Season 9. This will retroactively count all packages already earned this season.
Fixed an issue that prevented the Efrideet's Gift Triumph from completing when players earned 50 Iron Banner packages in Season 9. This is retroactive
Gambit

Fixed an issue where resetting your Infamy rank could reset progress on the "Get Closer" pursuit. This is retroactive, and will auto-complete for any players that has already been above Mythic this season.
Eververse
Carousel

Fixed an issue where Solar Class emotes were incorrectly priced. Emotes will now be correctly priced at 500 Silver, and the carousel will be visible once more.

Destiny 2 Update 2.7.1
Activities
Pit of Heresy
Improved some performance issues in the Chamber of Suffering encounter that could reduce framerates.
Fixed an issue where players could die when transitioning from the Necropolis encounter to the Tunnels of Despair.
Fixed an issue where players could get out of the environment in the Tunnels of Despair.
Garden of Salvation
Improved a performance issue that could occur when chunks of land return, or are removed during the Sanctified Mind encounter.
Improved the visual indication for when a tether source hub is on or off.
Added text notification when a Vex sacrifices on a relay.
Nightfall: The Ordeal
Reduced weekly completions needed to bring it in line with other challenges.
Players now need three completions on Adept, two completions on Hero, or one completion on Legend or Master.
Director
Players can now shortcut directly to their Roster by selecting their empty fireteam slots, or by invoking the Roster shortcut on Director Map screens.
When an activity is selected, fireteam leaders can navigate left and right to get to Quests and Roster respectively, then back to return to the selected activity.
Rewards
Weapons
Seasonal Bow mods should now work reliably with Hush.
Fixed an issue where Onslaught would reduce damage at 2x Rampage stacks despite not increasing Rate of Fire.
Adjusted scope feedback and camera shake on Hard Light firing.
Eriana's Vow no longer gets more ammo when swapping from other Special ammo weapons in Gambit. Starting ammo in Gambit increased from six to ten.
Fixed an issue where swapping from Two-Tailed Fox to another Power weapon would generate more ammo than intended.
Fixed an issue where Leviathan's Breath started PVE activities with more ammo than intended.
Fixed an issue where Xenophage started PVE activities with more ammo than intended.
Armor
The Empowered Finisher Dawn mod will no longer consume Super energy if you do not have a mod equipped that is capable of benefiting from the Charged with Light buff.
The Ever Ready Dawn mod will now stack correctly with weapon dexterity leg armor mods applicable to the weapons it covers.
The Heavy Handed Dawn mod will no longer trigger after the death of Telesto bolts. Increased the number of enemies that must be near the player to trigger the ammo-granting benefit from two to three.
Several class item armor mods will now correctly provide diminishing returns when multiple copies of the mod are equipped. These mods include Perpetuation, Innervation, Invigoration, Insulation, and Absolution. 
Wormgod Caress and Winter's Guile no longer retain the status of their buff if the armor piece is unequipped.
The perk on Synthoceps now deactivates immediately when the armor piece is unequipped.
The Transcendent Blessing Outlaw mod will now correctly appear in players' inventory; previously, it would only be visible in the mod flyout when socketing a mod.
Grenade Launcher Scavenger will no longer award Special ammo for Grenade Launchers when the player picks up Primary ammo bricks.
The last finisher removed from favorites will no longer override the fallback default class finisher.
Giddy Laugh rare emote now has a valid icon and can be selected for equipping on the emote wheel.
Shadowkeep campaign Exotic armor no longer has a potential to show up in Xur's weekly inventory.
Gunsmith now properly assesses the owned status of Unflinching Machine Gun and Unflinching Hand Cannon mods.
Power and Progression
Fixed an issue that caused the amount of XP earned not to show up next to the XP progress bar.
NOTE: This issue may still exist for players after they reach Seasonal Rank 100, but all XP earned will still apply to Seasonal Ranks above 100.
Changed the progress bar description on the Weekly Strike challenge from "Bounties completed" (which was incorrect) to "Strikes completed".
Completion values for some of the destination Obelisk Weekly Bounties have been reduced.
Fixed an issue where the "Green with Envy" pursuits could stop progressing correctly.
Players who were in this state should have their progress updated retroactively.
Combat
Gameplay
Fixed an issue in which Roaring Flames was buffing Solar Weapon Damage while standing in a Well of Radiance.
Fixed an issue in which Sunbreaker Titans were able to self-heal by bouncing a Throwing Hammer off a wall.
Fixed an issue that prevented Warlocks from using Blink after switching weapons or cancelling sprint.
Fixed an issue that would sometimes cause the Sunbreaker Titan's Mortar Blast to deal little to no damage.
Fixed an issue that allowed Sunbreaker Titans to gain stacks of Roaring Flames by destroying Telesto projectiles.
Increased the Sunbreaker Titan's Mortar Blast damage by 70 percent in PvE.
Crucible
Players will remain in spaceflight instead of going to a black screen when they load into a PvP match faster than their peers.
Bounties and Pursuits
Fixed an issue that could prevent players from obtaining the Black Armory Key Mold quest from Ada-1 on multiple characters.
Acquisition of Black Armory rare bounties significantly improved.
Players that complete all available weekly and daily bounties will acquire a rare bounty within five days. 
Black Armory Keys taking up space in Pursuits will be removed if a player has already completed the Mysterious Box Izanagi's Burden quest chain and unlocked the Exotic in their Collections.
The Gambit Prime "Collector" bounty will now progress from picking up Luna destination materials.
Fixed an issue affecting the "Newest" sorting option in Pursuits.
Newly acquired quests, or quests that get updated, will now be properly sorted to the top.
General
In Collections, the "Playin' the Odds" Gambit emblem will now properly register as unlocked and can be reacquired accordingly.
Fixed an issue that was impacting the Unveiling Triumph.
Eris is now ready to present her final Lore entry to players who need it.
The Unveiling Lore Triumph now correctly reads #/11 Lore pieces and will unlock upon obtaining the final Lore piece.
Fixed an issue where certain randomized dialogue would play more or less frequently than intended.
Fixed an issue that was causing notifications to appear again after transferring items using the Bnet D2 API.
Improved performance when receiving certain messages from the server.
Largest impact will be in the Tower, but should help everywhere.
Fixed an issue that caused FOTL items to be stuck in the postmaster as invisible items for some players. 

Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.7.0.2
Combat Systems
Fixed an issue where Wish-Ender's Broadhead perk was dealing more damage than intended
Equipping both a Fusion Rifle Scavenger mod and a Linear Fusion Scavenger mod will no longer cause Heavy ammo to be gained from Special ammo boxes
Using Telesto with the Heavy Handed obelisk mod will no longer generate unintentional extra Special ammo
Activities
Fixed an issue that would cause the EDZ Obelisk interact component to despawn
Rewards
Fixed an issue that could cause the Sundial reward currency to be issued to players twice
Eververse
Eververse waypoint notification has been disabled
The Season 9 Seasonal Starter Bundle will no longer appear as owned for players who bought the Season 8 Seasonal Starter Bundle
Bounties
Gunsmith weekly destination bounty will be re-enabled and properly rotate weekly (instead of daily)
Crucible daily bounties will now rotate daily

Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.7.0.1
Combat Systems
Fixed an issue where Dynamo mods were granting more Super energy than expected
Fixed an issue where swapping between Hand Cannons with Explosive Rounds could result in higher damage than intended
The fixed-roll of Pyroclastic Flow no longer has Tap the Trigger as a perk
Fixed an issue where Symmetry's arc seekers would unintentionally stagger Unstoppable Champions
Note: this perk is meant for an Exotic weapon that is coming out later in the Season 
Fixed an issue where finishers could yeet bosses off the map and cause other shenanigans 
Activities
Fixed an issue where attempting to launch Forsaken Baron adventures would cause a Honeydew error
Rewards
Resonate Stems, Escalation Protocol chests, and other impacted rewards will now be granted properly
Fixed and issue where some Sundial rewards could be infused without dismantling the item
Eververse
Fixed an issue where the Sunbreaker Titan armor ornament bundle could still be purchased at full price even if some items where owned
PC
PC video settings now save correctly and do not get reset when launching the game

Destiny 2 Update 2.7.0
Destiny 2 Update 2.7.0
Combat Systems
Finishers

Improved the finisher camera experience when using mouse and keyboard.
Finisher Multi-Equip

In your inventory press R3(if using controller) or the Shift Key(if using mouse and keyboard) to mark a finisher as a "favorite"
When triggered, a random finisher you've marked as a "favorite" plays
If no finishers are marked as a "favorite", which would be pretty crazy because we all know you have favorites, your default class finisher plays
Abilities
Titan

Sunbreaker Code of the Fire-Forged (Top Path)
Vulcan's Rage
Made Vulcan's Rage much more angry
Increased detonation time minimum from 0 seconds to 0.5 seconds
Increased cluster spread
Hammer of Sol
Impact damage decreased from 70 to 5
Detonation damage increased from 205 to 270
NOTE: These changes also affect bottom-tree Sunbreaker
Sunbreaker Code of the Devastator (Middle Path)
Throwing Hammer
Increased impact damage from 100 to 120
Increased hammer pickup radius from 2 meters to 3.5 meters
Roaring Flames
Increased damage bonus
From 20% per stack to 30% per stack in PvE
From 10% per stack to 25% per stack in PvP
Increased duration from 15 seconds to 20 seconds
Burning Maul
Increased idle super duration from 21.2 seconds to 28.5 seconds
Light Attack
Reduced super-energy cost from 5% to 3%
Tuned movement and player feedback
Heavy Attack
Slightly reduced speed of heavy slam projectile
Slightly reduced tracking radius of heavy slam projectile
Increased height of projectile hitbox to more easily hit airborne opponents
Increased super energy cost from 6% to 8%
Slightly increased terminal explosion size
Sunbreaker Code of the Siegebreaker (Bottom Path)
Mortar Blast
Increased explosion radius from 5 meters to 6 meters
Sol Invictus
Burning targets you kill also make Sunspots
Burning targets killed now trigger the heal
Kills with the Sun Warrior buff active can now make Sunspots
This is based on weighted enemy killed and a sunspot is created when the threshold of "1" is reached
Players/Bosses add 1
Majors add 0.5
Minors add 0.25
1 second cooldown on creating Sunspots
Sun Warrior
Increased ability recharge scalar by 35%
Touched up the FX and audio for allied Sunspots
Striker Code of the Missile (Middle Path)
Thundercrash
Increased base damage from 2700 to 3200
Increased in flight damage from 100 to 200
Slightly increased the amount of time you have in the air after activation
Hunter

Gunslinger Way of the Outlaw (Top Path)
Explosive Knife
Changed to Proximity Explosive Knife
Sticks to surfaces
Fuse time of 14 seconds
Adjusted impact damage to 14
Adjusted Detonation damage to 105
Six Shooter
Adjusted damage falloff of this Golden Gun Super variant 
Damage falloff starts at 30 meters when firing from hip and at 40 meters while in ADS
Gunslinger Way of the Sharpshooter (Bottom Path)
Knife Juggler
Changed to Weighted Knife
Damage changed from 120 to 140
Precision modifier changed from 1.3 to 1.5
Headshot is a one-hit kill in PvP
Updated throw animation to be longer to compensate for the one-shot capability
Knife projectile moves faster and with less drop than previously
Knife bounces once after impacting the environment
Practice Makes Perfect
Super energy granted reduced by 16%
Increased the buff duration by 50%
Precision kills now grant 2 stacks
Crowd Pleaser
Original perks (precision damage, precision hits with Golden Gun generate Orbs of Light) have been moved to "Line 'Em Up"
New Perk: Knock 'Em Down
Precision kills increase weapon stability and ADS speed
Buff duration starts at 10 seconds and each kill or assist adds time, with a cap of 25 second
Time added is variable weighted on the enemy killed and whether it was a precision kill
While the buff timer is above 20 seconds your Golden Gun does 30% more damage (determined upon moment of cast and lasts the whole super)
This burns the buff
Does not stack with Celestial Nighthawk
Line 'Em Up
Now has a passive bonus to aim assist and range while aiming
Now has the precision damage and precision hits with Golden Gun generate Orbs of Light perks originally included with "Crowd Pleaser"
Nightstalker Way of the Pathfinder (Bottom Path)
Vanish in Smoke
Added a short period (0.8 seconds) after the invisibility is applied where firing weapons or performing other actions will not break the invisibility
This should help prevent allies from accidentally breaking the invisibility the moment it is granted to them if unexpected.
Warlock

Dawnblade Daybreak (All Paths)
Reduced the speed of Burst Glide activations while in super
Dawnblade Attunement of Sky (Top Path)
Swift Strike
Changed to Celestial Fire
Shoots three spiraling, homing projectiles
Approximately 35 damage per projectile
Winged Sun
Also allows Celestial Fire activations
No longer gives grenade energy for aerial kills
Gives more melee energy for aerial kills
Heat Rises
Perk redesigned with new gameplay
Consume grenade to gain Heat Rises buff
Dramatically reduces in air accuracy penalty
Changes movement mode
Reduce Glide upkeep cost by 99%,
Reduce Glide activation cost by 99%
Set Glide velocity and agility to a combination of Strafe and Burst glide
Icarus Dash
Now has two dodges per 5 seconds
Dodge now has a slight upward velocity
Dodge in super is now one long dodge per second
Dawnblade Attunement of Grace (Middle)
Guiding Flame
Doubled the range that the empower effect is applied from 12 meters to 24 meters
Divine Protection
Increased radius that the healing grenade is applied to friendly targets from 1 meter to 3.5 meters
Benevolent Dawn
Buff can now be refreshed if additional friendly targets are healed/empowered while you still have the buff
Removed cooldown (can continuously proc)
Reduced energy regeneration by 15%
This was needed as it is much more consistent, procs more often, and for longer
Well of Radiance
Standing in the well now grants 20% damage reduction against damage from other players
Sword object no longer takes precision damage
Dawnblde Attunement of Flame (Bottom Path)
Phoenix Dive
Now heals a fixed amount over time
Healing is interruptible from incoming damage
While in super, returns super energy depending on how much you healed
Has diminishing returns the longer the super is active.
Voidwalker Attunement of Fission (Middle Path)
Handheld Supernova
Adjusted grenade charge time so that it lines up with the animations and effects. This is to make it feel more consistent to activate.
Stat Values

Class ability cooldown is now governed by player stats.
Hunter Dodge cooldown is modified by their Mobility stat
Titan Barricade cooldown is modified by their Resilience stat
Warlock Rift cooldown is modified by their Recovery stats. 
Paragon Mods have been deprecated as a result.
Weapon Changes
Exotics

Divinity
Divinity's weaken effect no longer stacks with other weaken effects. The "cage" will still appear in these cases and act as a precision weak spot, but the weaken multipliers themselves will no longer stack.
Xenophage
Increased PvE damage by +50%
Increased PvP ammo from heavy ammo crates to 4/6 (previously 3/4) on shared/non shared crates, respectively
Fixed an issue where this weapon would gain overall ammo when swapping from another power weapon to this weapon
Leviathan's Breath
Fixed an issue where this weapon would gain overall ammo when swapping from another power weapon to this weapon
Cerberus+1
Fixed an issue where repeatedly pulling the trigger would give you a faster fire rate while the "Focused Fire" Catalyst was enabled
Eriana's Vow
Increasing the reserves for this weapon via armor perks no longer increases starting/respawn ammo in The Crucible
Monte Carlo
The "Monte Carlo Method" no longer has a 100% chance to trigger on Guardian kills and now matches the combatant chance
Archetype changes

Linear Fusion Rifles
Precision damage increased by +20%
This change does not affect Sleeper Simulant
Significantly increased target acquisition at close to medium ranges
Sidearms
Increased target acquisition across the board
Perk changes

Master of Arms
Removed the precision damage function
This weapon still provides a damage bonus, but non-precision damage is no longer disproportionately increased
Magnificent Howl
Fixed a bug that was causing the perk to apply to two bullets over the network instead of just one
Sticky Grenades (Grenade Launchers)
Fixed a bug that allowed players to stand on grenade launcher projectiles
Misc changes

Fixed "Shield Piercing"/"Anti-Barrier" rounds not penetrating Scorn Lurker bucklers
Chip damage behavior removed from "Shield Piercing"/"Anti-Barrier" rounds
A selection of year 1 legendary weapons have had a face lift and have joined the engram reward pool to keep Edge Transit company
Reduced Arc Logic's muzzle blast size when aiming
Armor Changes
Exotics

Wings of Sacred Dawn
Now grants 15% damage resistance while in the hover state
One-Eyed Mask
No longer grants an overshield on killing your marked target
Peregrine Greaves
No longer disproportionately increases the damage of Hammer Strike
Damage is equalized to ~300% the damage of a normal shoulder charge against a single target
Claws of Ahamkara
Fixed an issue where both melee charges could be consumed on one melee hit
Armor Mods

Removed stacking restrictions on many armor mods
Similar mods can now be stacked for improved effect. However, stacking mods with similar effects provides diminishing returns, granting less relative benefit than two different mods would.
Reduced the efficacy of Ammo Scavenger mods to their pre-Shadowkeep levels to accommodate mod stacking
Generalized Ammo Finder and Ammo Scavenger mods are unlocked for all players in the Head Armor Mod and Leg Armor Mod sockets, respectively

Added Season of Dawn Armor Mod Sockets
Vanguard, Crucible, Gambit, and Iron Banner armor sets will drop with this season's armor mod socket, allowing them to use the new Dawn Armor Mods.
The Mercury destination armor set has also received the Dawn Armor Mod socket
Fixed various stacking exploits with mods related to the Garden of Salvation
General

Fixed an issue where orange bar enemies would display a sliver of health when they died.
Fixed an issue where players would go into first person if they placed a raid banner while in their super. Going forward, if a player places a banner while in their super, their super will be canceled. 
Fixed an issue where Stormtrance Lightning attack would fail to fire if attack trigger was held while casting super, or after Blinking. 
Players can no longer push Vex Cyclops
Reward Systems
Power and Progression

Powerful and pinnacle reward caps have been increased
Powerful Cap: 960, up from 950
Pinnacle Cap: 970, up from 960
Rebalanced some sources of XP on Mercury to align with newer destinations
Fixed an issue where some chests weren't granting any XP
Fixed an issue where Iron Banner bounties were rewarding more XP than other weekly bounties
The XP required to level up the seasonal artifact has been slightly adjusted
Some levels had a much higher increase in XP required from the previous level, and this increase has been distributed throughout all levels to smooth out this curve
Quests and Bounties

Merged Strike/Crucible/Gambit objectives on the Gunsmith weekly bounty "Field Calibration" into a single objective that shares progress from all sources
Removed Valor/Infamy and Vanguard Tokens from "Field Calibration" as there is no longer a requirement for any of these linked activities
Added repeatable bounties to the Gunsmith
Added new mode-specific daily Crucible bounties (one per day, selected from full-time playlists and active rotators)
Reduced the completion requirements of several daily and repeatable Crucible bounties
Removed grenade and melee bounties from the Crucible bounty repeatable pool
Fixed a rare issue where the "??????" quest item from mission "A Mysterious Disturbance" could get stuck in inventory; it has been removed from affected players
Lowered the daily bounty target for defeating Nightmares in K1 Lost Sectors to 3 (previously required 7)
After the Vex Invasion ended on the Moon, the number of Vex kills required to cleanse the "Essence of Servitude" has been reduced from 100 to 30
Removed weapon requirement and changed objective display to a float instead of a percentage on Eriana's Vow Catalyst Pursuit
Benedict and Werner will no longer display the Lumina Exotic quest chain steps (bounty/perk steps) if the player is already on, or has completed, the steps.
Lore

Fixed an issue where pages from the "Letters from Eris" lore book couldn't be unlocked
Each of the eight Nightmare Hunts now unlocks one page upon completion
Season Pass

The Season Pass now displays its active bonuses in a new Season Pass Bonuses section, visible on the main Season Pass window in the Director
The Season 8 Nostalgic Engram has been retired, and in its place players can now obtain the new Season 9 Fond Memories Engram
Fixed an issue that prevented Season Pass armor from displaying the correct stats and energy type when previewed
(Korea Region Only) Fixed a bug that caused the Season Pass purchase item to be referenced as "Get Season Pass" on the purchase confirmation and completion screens
Exotic Engram
The Exotic Engram and the Fated Engram have been collapsed into a single new Exotic Engram item 
When opened it will award a new Exotic if any remain to be collected; otherwise, it contains a random piece of Exotic armor
Note: contents are still class-specific
Eververse

A new consumable is available in Eververse for 200 Bright Dust, the Concentrated Mattergem
When used, this item causes bosses to have a chance to drop an Upgrade Module when defeated
The effect will last until an Upgrade Module is found
Note: Only one Concentrated Mattergem can be active at a time
The Eververse store no longer permits purchasing an item that is already in your Collection
Fixed a bug that prevented year one Vanguard shaders from being a potential drop in the Vanguard rank up reward
Fixed an issue where the Riskrunner "Electric Violet" Ornament lost its pink glow
Fixed an issue that caused The Last Word ornament Laconic to be purchasable when Forsaken was not owned
Ghosts

Fixed a bug that prevented the Banshee's Favorite ghost perk from dropping a higher volume of Weapon Telemetry
Fixed an issue that caused Ghost particle effects to be hidden when a Ghost Projection was active
The following Exotic Ghost Shells now have Ghost Projection sockets: Arc Shell, Solar Shell, and Void Shell
Fixed an issue that prevented Black Armory forge activities from granting Glimmer upon completion
Collections and Triumphs

Fixed a bug that permitted multiple copies of the same combat finisher from being acquired through the collection
Fixed a bug that caused Universal Ornament items to display in an improper order from what is intended (head, arms, chest, legs, then class)
Removed four erroneous collection entries for the below items that were not obtainable:
Shade at the Gates (Season 3 Legendary Ship)
The Ruinous Flame (Season 3 Legendary Ship)
Shrinking Iris Shell (Season 3 Legendary Ghost)
Shining Shield Shell (Season 3 Legendary Ghost)
Fixed an issue that prevented the Season of Opulence versions of the Optimacy armor from unlocking their corresponding collection entries
The Black Armory Platinum Starling Ship in Collections > Equipment > Ships > Season 5 now correctly states that a player must complete the "Master Smith" Triumph.
Fixed an issue with the Perfect Gambit triumph. Previously, the triumph was checking for player deaths instead of dropped motes. The triumph now correctly checks for dropped motes and will ignore players that die without motes. 
Fixed a bug where the Ennead emblem (for presenting gifts to all Cats in the Dreaming City) was no longer being awarded when claiming the Remember your Manners triumph.
Players impacted by this issue will find that they can reacquire the Emblem from their Collections > Flair > Emblems > Open World
Fixed an issue with the triumph 'WANTED: The Rifleman'.  It will now be completed on either Rifleman kill or associated mission completion. Players that are missing this triumph will need to play the mission again to earn the triumph. 
Glimmer

The cost of slotting a Weapon Mod has been reduced from 5000 to 500 Glimmer
Fixed an issue that caused EDZ patrols to drop a slightly higher amount of Glimmer than intended
Fixed a bug that caused Mercury patrols to drop a slightly lower amount of Glimmer than intended
Fixed a bug that prevented Mars free roam treasure chests from awarding Glimmer when opened
Fixed a bug that prevented Mercury free roam treasure chests from awarding Glimmer when opened
Fixed an issue that prevented raid encounters from rewarding Glimmer upon completion
Vendors

Added additional Weekly and Repeatable bounties to Zavala, Drifter, Shaxx, and Banshee-44 to allow for Seasonal rotation
Updated completion requirements for some daily Crucible bounties
Repeatable bounties have been added to the Gunsmith
Fixed an issue that caused Benedict 99-40's Imperial Engram to display Armor 1.0 versions of its contents
Fixed an issue where Ada-1 could grant duplicate weapon mods
Fixed an issue where Eris Morn and the Drifter had vendor dialogue lines that would never fire
World Rewards

Fixed an issue that frequently prevented the Duke MK.44 Hand Cannon from being a possible world drop
Fixed an issue that frequently prevented No Turning Back, Terran Wind, and Death by Scorn from being possible world drops
This prevented Vestian Dynasty from being erroneously displayed in Legendary Engram previews
Rewards UI/UX

Fixed an issue where Gambit Prime and Revelry armor set icons weren't collapsing properly on the Character screen
New Light

Fixed an issue where New Light players were required to finish the Red War campaign to purchase Last Wish raid bounties
Fixed an issue where several Triumphs/Ghosts previously earned through the Red War campaign could no longer be acquired
Fixed an issue where 'Adventurous' triumph could not be completed on EDZ
Fixed an issue where weapons in Homecoming mission would cause other gear to drop at lower power levels than expected
Fixed an issue where some players could not complete the New Light 'Introduction: Crucible' quest
Player Identity Systems

Fixed an issue where Hawthorne's icon kept flashing for players who were doing the Refer-a-Friend quest after it ended
The Armor 2.0 version of the Solstice 2019 armor will now correctly use the 2019 Drained and Renewed Ornaments and Eververse Glows.
Escalation Protocol

Changes and updates to acquiring Escalation Protocol activity rewards
Escalation Protocol Wave 7 chest no longer requires a key to open
Chest can be opened upon every successful completion of Wave 7
Each opening of the chest will award one piece of EP armor for your character class until you have the full set
After full set is acquired, subsequent opening of the chest will award a random piece of armor
Charged Decryption Keys and Key Fragments are being removed from the game.  These items will be removed from Player inventories
Armory Keys to spawn Valkyrie Javelins are unchanged and will remain
EP Weapons drops were not touched and are still cumulative stream Boss drops
Iron Banner Ornaments

Removed the Season 3 Iron Banner ornament Rank requirements. They can now be freely applied to Season 7 Iron Banner armor
Activities
Nightfall: The Ordeal

Cabal invade The Ordeal -  three new strikes added to The Ordeal lineup, and removed three of the Season 8 strikes
Added two new Cabal modifiers, and three new strike-specific modifiers
Added Cabal modifiers to rotation
Vehicles now give Nightfall score for both Nightfall and The Ordeal
Fixed up the tooltip name for The Scarlet Keep on Legend difficulty
Strikes

Fixed an issue where Savathun's Song did not count toward Vanguard Weekly Hive Boss kill bounty
The Vanguard Strikes weekly challenge description now correctly tells players to complete Vanguard Strikes while matching the weekly singe element
The objective line will continue to still say "0/3 Bounties" until Destiny 2 Update 2.7.1
Raids and Dungeons

Altars of Sorrow
Fixed an issue where if the boss phase timed out while the boss was immune, 2 Nightmares would spawn at another Altar location before the Tier 5 waves started again
Pit of Heresy
Fixed an issue where the dungeon incorrectly showed a pinnacle reward challenge for players who have already completed the challenge on a different character of the same class
Garden of Salvation
Fixed an issue where players could survive Voltaic Overflow while guarding as a Sentinel Titan or Arcstrider Hunter
Crown of Sorrow
Fixed multiple issues where Gahlran's Deception could continue to deceive Guardians even after being defeated. Make sense? No? We need to go deeper...
Fixed an issue where Gahlran's Deception could defeat a team of Guardians even after the encounter had been completed, which prevented flawless runs
Fixed issue where Gahlran's Deception could respawn with full health after dying, specifically if killed at the last moment before teleportation
Scourge of the Past
Fixed the Best of the Best of the Best triumph so that it is hidden unless completed
Increased the drop rate of the Scourge of the Past raid exotic weapon 'Anarchy' from 5% to 10%.
Crucible

Playlists
Made Elimination a permanent Crucible playlist
Momentum Control
150 Scout Rifles will only 1 shot targets under 5 resilience
Map Rotation
Added Rusted Lands to appropriate playlists
Added The Dead Cliffs, Legion's Gulch, Retribution, and Solitude to appropriate playlists.
Removed Emperor's Respite, Equinox, Firebase Echo, and Vostok from all Crucible playlists.
These maps are still available for play in Private Matches
Midtown
Added invisible physics volumes to keep players from perching on walls
Legion's Gulch
Added invisible physics volumes to keep players inside the intended playable space
Dead Cliffs
Adjusted spawn points and weighting, especially around the edges of the map
Retribution
Adjusted spawning to improve map flow
Endless Vale
Added invisible slip volume to keep players inside intended playable area
Twilight Gap
Added invisible physics volumes to keep players inside the intended playable area
Widow's Court
Added invisible physics volumes to keep players inside the intended playable area
PC
Steam

Added controller support through Steam input for:
Steam Controller
Switch Controller
Steam Link and Remote Play will now work with supported controllers
Text Chat lobbies will now try to recover when Steam Servers come back up

Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.6.1.1
Investment
Izanagi's Burden

Fixed an issue causing Forge Keys to not count towards Mysterious Box (Izanagi's Burden) Quest Progression
Players affected by this should find the corresponding objective marked correctly after logging in.
Fixed an issue where the Obsidian Crystal would not give Quest Progression
Players affected by this will need to reacquire a Black Armory Rare bounty, and then complete and claim it to get another Obsidian Crystal.
Power Progression

Adjusted the Power granted by pinnacle rewards to +2 instead of +1
Rewards

The Season Pass weapons Pluperfect and Temporal Clause now have a chance to drop from Vex Offensive after you have obtained them.
Fixed an issue that occasionally caused the Weekly Eris Challenge to not drop a Powerful reward
Sandbox
Perks

Fixed an issue causing the "Ashes to Assets" perk to provide Super energy at an unintended level

Destiny 2 Update 2.6.1
Festival of the Lost
2018 Masks

Owners of 2018 Festival of the Lost masks automatically receive the associated ornaments to be used on the 2019 Festival of the Lost helmet
Combat Systems
Abilities
For developer commentary, please see the This Week at Bungie - 10/17/2019 blog article.

StrikerCode of the Juggernaut (Bottom Path)
Trample:

Reduced amount returned possible per kill from 15% to 13% (before diminishing returns)
Reduced the low end of the diminishing returns from 5% to 3.25%
Changed the kills for the diminishing returns by splitting them out between players and combatants
Was previously 15 kills; is now 14 combatant kills or 7 opposing Guardian kills (opposing Guardians count 2x toward diminishing returns)
Tuned the amount of Super energy returned per kill
Cost of Light attack in Super increased by 50% from 2% to 3%
Regeneration on kill no longer procs on Super kills
DawnbladeAttunement of Flame (Bottom Path)
Everlasting Flames: 

Increased the low end of the diminishing returns from 0.75% to 0.95%
Changed the kills for the diminishing returns by splitting them out between players and combatants
Previously it was 30 kills. Now it is 21 combatant kills or 7 opposing Guardian kills (opposing Guardians count 3x toward diminishing returns)
Tuned the amount of Super energy returned per kill (handled differently than Striker as this attack is an AoE)
SentinelCode of the Protector (Top Path)
Ward of Dawn:

Armor of Light timer now correlates with the life of the Ward of Dawn
Particle FX move more rapidly toward the end of the Ward of Dawn's life
NightstalkerWay of the Wraith (Middle Path)
Shattering Strike: 

Shattering Strike lasts the proper 9 seconds once again
Fixed a bug in which Shattering Strike activation window was reduced to 3 seconds along with Truesight
Shoulder Charge
We've removed a bug that allowed players to shoot immediately before activating shoulder charge, which allowed players to apply the 1-2 Punch damage buff to shoulder charge.

Weapons

Exotics
Jtunn
Fixed an issue that caused this weapon to impact multiple times at close ranges
Divinity
Increased the Weaken effect from 25% to 30%
NOTE: The Weaken effect from Judgment is not intended to stack with other Weaken effects. This issue will be fixed at a later date. The "cage" will still appear and act as a precision weak point in these cases, but the multipliers themselves will not stack. 
Fixed an issue where Destiny 2 would crash if this weapon was combined with target-marking effects such as Vengeance (One-Eyed Mask)
Deathbringer
Fixed the reload timing on this weapon
NOTE: This also affects other Rocket Launchers that share the same reload animation
Legendary
Adhortative
Fixed an issue that would cause the leaves on this weapon to distort visually
Prophet of Doom
Fixed an issue with the placement of shells during the reload animation
Hush
Fixed a bug that prevented Archer's Gambit from activating if the player manually un-draws their Bow and starts sprinting at the same time
Armor

Sealed Ahamkara's Grasps now have a short cooldown period between perk activations
Stats and Perks
Armor 2.0 mods that trigger on orb collection or using your class ability now no longer stack with their pre-Armor 2.0 versions
Pre-Armor 2.0 Exotics now have correct stat packages
Armor 1.0 Traction perk applies +5 Mobility, in line with Armor 2.0 Traction mod
PC
Steam

Blocking communication with players in Steam will now block/mute players in Destiny 2
Added functionality for /addfriend and /removefriend commands
/addfriend [ PlayerName ]
/removefriend [ PlayerName ]
Note: Players must be in one of your rosters (fireteam, friends, or clan) in order to add/remove them as a friend.
Added functionality for /invite command
/invite [ PlayerName ]
Note: Players must be in one of your rosters (fireteam, friends, or clan) in order to invite them by player name.
/invite [ SteamID ]
Note: You can invite players by SteamID, regardless of whether they're in your roster or not.
Players can now /invite and /join another player regardless of their Steam online status (online, invisible, or offline)
/help description updated to reflect new changes to commands
Investment
Ornaments

When an ornament has been applied to a weapon or armor item, its icon will now update to reflect the currently equipped ornament
Universal ornament packages that have been purchased but not opened now properly indicate they are owned in the Eververse store
Season Pass

The Vow's catalyst quest step now properly references "strike playlists" rather than the erroneous "strike activities"
The Season Pass bonus Catalyst quest boost omega now properly describes is progression acceleration as "quadruples" rather than the erroneous "triples"
The Exotic ship Never Live It Down now properly displays its name in the lore tab title section
Power and Progression

Exotic quest "Symphony of Death" awards more XP than intended; set this to be the same as other Exotic quests
Exotic quest "Make Bows, Not War" awards more XP than intended; set this to be the same as other Exotic quests
Increased the Power of gear awarded by "Invitations of the Nine" bounties "Into the Unknown" to be powerful
Nightmare Hunts

Increased the damage multiplier granted by Unstable Essence at difficulty levels Hero, Legend, and Master
Adjusted Unstable Essence to be significantly more effective against Nightmares than Nightmare Bosses
The Swordbearer Nightmare's Sword in Nightmare Hunt: Despair now drains half as fast once a player equips it
Navigation waypoint added to Nightmare Hunt: Servitude to help guide players more effectively toward the final encounter
Hunts now have idle protection; idle players will not receive rewards
Raids

Garden of Salvation
Encounter rewards are now delivered as engrams instead of directly granted in the loot feed
Fixed an exploit where Cyclopes could be knocked off of their towers in the final encounter
Increased the radius for Relay Defender and Enhanced Relay Defender mods
Fixed an issue where music would not start properly when players enter the final boss arena
Fixed an issue where Consecrated Mind could slam into walls during DPS
Fixed an issue where geometry in the final encounter space could appear completely black when being removed or recreated
Fixed an issue where weekly challenge rewards could be re-earned repeatedly by deleting and creating new characters
Last Wish
Apprentice Guide and Journeyman Guide emblem variants will appear in collections after players discover them.
Destinations

Moon
Fixed an issue where the first Shadowkeep campaign quest step "In Search of Answers" could go to Postmaster if player's quests inventory was full
Affected players can now recover the Shadowkeep campaign quest from Eris in the "Abandoned Quests" section
"Essence of Vanity" pursuit now displays number of Sniper Rifle kills required for completion; it will now display progress out of 25 instead of just progress
Lost Ghost Traces will no longer drop after all Dead Ghosts have been found; extra Traces will be removed from inventory when the last Dead Ghost is found
Fixed an issue in which using the Firewall Data Fragment in the K1 Revelation Lost Sector didn't have a chance of providing a Cleansed Essence after three weeks of completions
Fixed an issue where Cross Save-enabled players could turn in a cleansed Essence to the Lectern of Enchantment and receive no rewards
If playing on a platform on which you don't own Shadowkeep, the Lectern will no longer show the Essence reward screen
To receive the reward, log on to the platform on which you own Shadowkeep and visit the Lectern
Fixed an issue where daily bounties for both Eris and the Lectern of Enchantment were rotating weekly instead of daily
Fixed an issue where the Moon bounty "Tidal Lock" would progress only in Nightmare Hunts; it will now progress anywhere on the Moon
Phantasmal Core stack cap raised from 3 to 999
Triumph "Lore of Luna" now progresses when scan patrols are completed in Sorrow's Harbor.
Removed blank, unobtainable page from lore book "Unveiling"
Fixed an issue where players who finished their bunny collection faster than expected weren't awarded with the "Lunar Gloom" shader
On login, affected players will have a stack of five of this shader in their inventory and unlocked in Collections
Black Armory (Misc)
Quests for Gofannon and Izanami forges still existed on veteran characters who were on steps that could not be progressed; those steps have been removed from the players inventories
Fixed an issue where players could not acquire nor complete the Key Mold quest for Izanagi's Burden
The Lock and Key (Mysterious Box) quest can be abandoned; players can reacquire the abandoned quest at Ada-1
The "Harvest Time" bounty will now progress when collecting Helium Filaments
Dreaming City
Balanced Awoken Talisman has been removed from veteran players' inventories; it is no longer needed to access Dreaming City/Shattered Throne/Wish Ender quest
Fixed a bug that allowed players to loot the Orrery chest an unlimited number of times
Shattered Throne
Fixed an issue where, upon defeating Dul Incaru at the end of Shattered Throne, players could return to orbit and have a checkpoint for the activity; defeating the boss will now immediately complete the activity and award credit
Nessus
Exodus Black world quest turn-in step can be recovered from Failsafe if players abandon it
Mars and Mercury
Heroic adventures will now be available on their respective destinations when Mars or Mercury are featured as a Flashpoint
EDZ
Fixed an issue where the "Enhance" quest was no longer available
Reckoning

Fixed an issue where Warlocks who wagered Weak Motes in Reckoning were incorrectly being rewarded Titan gear
Increased stack size of Gambit Prime Synths to 999
Crucible

Fixed an exploit in Countdown that allowed the defending team to get free wins by continuously swapping gear between rounds
Fixed an issue that prevented some players from earning the Silimar's Design Iron Banner Triumph; the Triumph will be awarded retroactively to any players who encountered this issue
Vendors

Benedict 99-40
Removed initial Vendor Challenge from Benedict 99-40
Ada-1
Removed challenge from Black Armory Forge unlock quest
Weekly Black Armory bounties now award Black Armory armor pieces
Yuna (IGR Only)
Yuna's inventory is now updated to vend Armor 2.0 versions of Exotic armor
Eris and Rune Table
Daily bounties will now rotate daily, as opposed to weekly
General

Fixed an issue where Gyro Ghost Shell's rings would animate improperly when summoned
Increased idle protections across numerous PvE playlists
Play the game, get rewards
Seriously, just play the game
Don't leave your team hanging
It's not very nice
The Traitor's Fate sword is no longer marked as "Requires Exclusive Item" and can be successfully equipped
Lore Tabs

Added Lore Tabs for the following Shadowkeep rewards:
Legendary Garden of Salvation rewards
15 unique lore tabs
Divinity
Monte Carlo
Deathbringer
Leviathan's Breath
Eriana's Vow
Assassin's Cowl
Phoenix Cradle
Stormdancer's Brace
Never Live It Down
Activities
Crucible

Control
Heavy Ammo initial spawn changed to 60 seconds (was 45 seconds)
Iron Banner Control
Heavy Ammo initial spawn changed to 60 seconds (was 45 seconds)
Heavy Ammo additional spawning changed to every 120 seconds (was every 60 seconds)
Survival
Heavy Ammo initial spawn changed to 60 seconds (was 30 seconds)
Reduced the amount of Heavy Ammo granted to match Elimination and 6v6 modes
UI Systems
Accessibility

Added accessibility options for subtitles, which are available during account creation and the Settings screen
The options add the ability for players to change the font size, font color, subtitle background style, and subtitle background opacity
Added the continuous tabbing when tabbing past each end of the Director
Reorganized some of the Settings on PC to better organize where certain options are sorted
Changed the text opacity for the menu navigation bar to improve visibility with certain emblem themes
General

Forsaken subclasses will display the correct Super icon in the PvP HUD; all Sentinal and Arcstrider subclasses still use the same Super icon for each of their three subclasses; these Supers will have new icons
Thundercrash
Burning Maul
Blade Barrage
Spectral Blades
Nova Warp
Well of Radiance
Chaos Reach
Fixed an issue that increased loading times for gear preview while in space flight
Added protections against intense strobe effects that can be encountered if the player's health is near the shield break threshold and the player has a damage-over-time effect and a healing effect active at the same time
Fixed an issue where the page pips in the Quest tab would become highlighted when selecting on the screen
Fixed an issue where the Strike node on the Moon map would not show a breadcrumb icon during the Shadowkeep campaign
Fixed an issue where icons on the Season Pass would load at different times
Fixed an issue where Cross Saved accounts would show incorrect names
Removed the inaccurate "Season Rank" display while inspecting another player
Fixed an issue where equipping an already-acquired emblem would cause the loot stream notification to appear
Fixed an issue where Destiny Guardians was not being displayed for the Korea region
Fixed an issue where gearset icons (such as Gambit Prime or Revelry armor) on the character screen would have empty spaces between them
Changed the objective text on the Cache Out bounty to "Chests looted"
Fixed an issue where the Spell of Abolition emote wasn't showing in the emote feed

Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.6.0.4
General
Fixed an issue where certain characters in player names and clan fields could cause Squirrel and Weasel errors
Clan names should no longer be truncated
Fixed an issue where Nightmare hunts Time Trial Master triumph would not progress correctly
Fixed an issue where Nightfall: The Ordeal would not drop a powerful reward for players who had already completed the Vanguard Strikes Challenge
Fixed an issue that provoked the temporary deactivation of rally banners and the "Tire Game" in the Sanctuary vendor space on the Moon
Fixed an issue where the Servitor spawning in the Gofannon forge could crash the game
Fixed an issue where running the game as an admin could create a "steam_appid.txt" file that would cause a crash
Tuned matchmaking in patrol destinations to increase player population

Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.6.0.3
General
Fixed an issue where claiming a Seasonal Artifact during a locked loadout activity could block access to the Artifact

Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.6.0.2
PC
Fixed an issue where having more than 300 friends would cause the game to crash

Destiny 2 Update 2.6.0.1
Systems
Combat Systems
Finishers
Finisher System added. Press the finisher button to finish critically wounded combatants.


PvE Damage Numbers Display
Goal: To provide players with useful and legible feedback for damage dealt to enemy combatants across many years of Power progression.
Displayed damage numbers for damage dealt to non-Guardian enemy combatants are crunched
Damage dealt is displayed using fewer digits to enhance readability of damage output
Occurrences of displayed damage getting capped at 999,999 should be significantly reduced or eliminated
The exponential curve used to calculate damage numbers for display is replaced with a new linear curve that is built to last for many years
As players grow in Power, displayed damage numbers increase at a much more measured pace than previously
This is a UI update only; player damage output, whether measured as hits to kill, time to kill, or DPS, remains unchanged by this update


PvE Difficulty Tuning
Goals: Widen the sweet spot where fighting higher-level combatants provides a fun, challenging, and rewarding combat experience for a more enjoyable Power climb. Also, allow players looking for even greater challenges to confront much higher-level enemies.
Combatants that are 10-40 levels higher take less time to kill and deal less damage
Higher-level combatants continue to increase in difficulty up to 100 Power levels above the player
When enemies are 100 Power levels or higher above the player, they are immune to damage
Nameplate icons on higher-level combatants have been updated to reflect these changes
These changes affect only higher-level combatants; the at-level or over-level experience remains unchanged
Sandbox
Abilities
Buffs

Nightstalker Way of the Pathfinder (Bottom)
Goal: We want to lean into the fantasy of a speedy disruptor. Pathfinders need more tools to scout the battlefield and a skill based way to engage with that gameplay more often. We should reward this scouting and battlefield control gameplay, executed well, with more opportunities to do the same. At the same time shadow shot needed some quality of life improvements for long standing frustrations.
Vanish: Smoke bomb grants invisibility to allies
Gives 1 stack of Heart of the Pack (newly revamped) to all allies hit
Grants +34 to armor, recovery, and agility
Gives weapon reload speed and handling
Max 3 stacks
Increased invisibility duration from 7 > 8 seconds

Provision: Killing tethered enemies creates super orbs and increases agility, armor, and recovery for allies
New Perk (old perk benefits moved to be part of Mobius Quiver)
Damaging enemies with your grenades reduces the cooldown of your smoke bomb (6% per damage tick)
Making allies invis gives you grenade energy (17.5% per ally)


Moebius Quiver: Fire super multiple times and deals massive damage to tethered targets
Added the old Provision perk to naturally be part of Mobius Quiver
Killing tethered enemies creates super orbs and grants stacks of Heart of the Pack for allies
Expanded the range of Heart of the Pack from 20 > 30 meters.


Shadowshot Super (Top and Bottom path)
Damage increased from 150 > 250
One shot kill in PvP
Improved tether accuracy near obstacles
Suppress on hit is more consistent


Sentinel Code of the Protector (Top)
Goal: This path is the main support role for Titans and focuses heavily on melee kills while staying near allies. We want to focus more heavily on buffing allies so that players care about the timing of their buff usage. With a loop which allows players to get their melee energy back more quickly this will be a more engaging path to play. Additionally, Ward of Dawn is currently not up to snuff, and needs a buff that ties in to the fantasy of buffing allies.
Defensive Strike: Melee ability that creates an overshield for nearby allies
All kills while the overshield is active grant melee energy for the player with the shield (works for all allies you grant a shield to)
This is based upon enemy threat level from 5% (minors) to 25% (players and bosses)

Rallying Force: Melee kills heal nearby allies
Heal buffed from 10 health and 10 shields to 10 health and 20 shields (50% increase)

Ward of Dawn: Alternate super that creates a shield bubble
Increase ward health versus supers 
Most supers will require the whole thing to be dumped on the ward to destroy it but will (usually) not kill the players inside
Ward grants weapons of light buff when passing through it (35% weapon damage for 15 seconds)
Grants an additional super orb (3)
Auto-generated orbs now grant the same amount of super energy as regular super orbs (previously the orbs gave less super energy on par with masterwork orbs)

Sentinel Code of the Aggressor (Bottom)
Shield Bash: Shoulder charge that disorients nearby enemies
Now suppresses the target hit and any enemy within 2 meters (have to be basically right next to them)


Voidwalker Attunement of Hunger (Bottom)
Vortex: Nova Bomb leaves behind a damaging AoE pool
Initial explosion damage increased 15%
Lingering damage increased 15%


Dawnblade Attunement of Grace
Well of Radiance: Alternate super that creates a healing/buffing field for allies
Grants an additional super orb (3)
Auto-generated orbs now grant the same amount of super energy as regular super orbs (previously the orbs gave less super energy on par with masterwork orbs)
Nerfs

Nightstalker Way of the Trapper (Top)
Shadowshot: Fires an arrow that damages enemies and debuffs enemies nearby
Damage sharing for the Nightstalker player specifically reduced from 100% to 50%
Now all allied players have 50% damage sharing on tether


Nightstalker Way of the Wraith (Middle)
Flawless Execution: Headshot kills while crouched grant invisibility and truesight
Truesight now lasts 3 seconds (down from 9)


Shattering Strike: After performing a Flawless Execution, your melee attacks have a longer lunge range and weaken enemies
Advanced warning: When we made the change to Flawless Execution this also unintentionally nerfed this ability to only last 3 seconds (it was directly tied to the truesight). We have prepared a fix for the 4.6.1 patch to restore the weaken and lunge range increase to last the entire 9 seconds regardless of truesight and invisibility status.


Instant Reloading
Goal: In the beginning, Lunafactions and Rally Barricade did exist, but they were clunky to use. They still had dramatic impact on gameplay even in that state, but eventually we decided to make their effects easier to handle. The problems they introduced always existed in the game, but over time these have become magnified due to new abilities, perks, and weapons introduced into the Destiny 2 sandbox. The impact of something that takes all reloading out of the equation means that other perks or effects like the Hunter's Marksman Dodge or the Sealed Ahamkara's Grasps can simply fall to the wayside - Even swords take a hit in comparison, being one of the few weapons that naturally never needs to reload.

Reloading is one of those mechanics that are simple, but have wide ranging consequences. Because the effect on gameplay of removing reloading is inversely proportional to the size of your weapon's magazine and how slow your general reload animations are, weapons like Rocket Launchers and Shotguns can benefit greatly compared to other weapons. This, alongside the increase in general access to damage bonus effects like Well of Radiance left us with the decision to remove this effect from these two sources, as they were causing things to quickly snowball out of control.

Titan Rally Barricade
This ability now provides a large increase to reload speed for the duration of the effect
This ability no longer automatically reloads your weapons from reserves


Warlock Rift/Well of Radiance
Lunafaction Boots now provides a large increase to reload speed for the duration of Well of Radiance
This exotic no longer automatically reloads your weapons from reserves


Super Energy Regeneration
Goal: These changes will reduce the speed with which players are able to earn their super which supports difficulty and reduces the current ability to trivialize certain content through excessively chaining supers. Systemically, we want to reduce base sources of supers on a large macro scale without diminishing the feeling that your actions are gaining you a worthwhile energy boost. By reducing the speed at which you gain super we can make mods and perks feel more worthwhile. We still want it to feel like you can make meaningful progress not only through normal play but by augmenting super energy through teamwork, class choices, gear, and skillful play.

New Energy Granted by Super Orbs:
Super Orb: 7.143% (50% reduction)
Masterwork Orb: 2.5% (50% reduction)
Kills: (25% reduction)
Minor: 0.6%
Elite: 0.96%
Mini-boss: 1.8%
Boss: 3%
Player: 3%
Assists: (25% reduction)
Minor: 0.3%
Elite: 0.48%
Mini-boss: 0.9%
Boss: 1.5%
Player: 1.5%


Damage Multipliers
Goal: At ;Destiny 2 launch, damage buffs were fairly sparse - There was Empowering Rift for a small increase, and you could combine it with a weakening effect such as Hammer Strike, but very little else. As time has gone on, we introduced Well of Radiance, Weapons of Light, Guiding Flame, Frontal Assault, etc, and combining these effects has resulted in player damage output far beyond what was previously available. Even with just a small amount of them, a player can go from 1x damage to 3x and beyond, causing there to be an extremely large gap between standard player output and theoretical output.

By preventing the larger effects from stacking, we are able to keep each of them around without having to do something in response like raise boss health to compensate for these tactics, as well as create more of them. As an example, Lumina would not have been created in world where the damage bonus effect of Noble Rounds stacked with other damage effects, and these changes are simply an extension along those same lines.

While the weakening effects never stacked, we also took a look at them and adjusted their values as many of our more powerful units would simply evaporate when touched by one of them, but we compensated for that in other ways, such as either extending the duration of the effect or in the case of Shadowshot, making it affect power weapons.

Player Damage Buffs
Player Bonuses
Bonus damage effects that apply to all of a player's weapons simultaneously no longer stack multiplicatively. The highest applicable bonus will be used instead
This does not affect single weapon buffs such as Rampage, Kill Clip, or exotic weapons that increase their own damage. These will still stack multiplicatively.
Buffs that provide bonus damage will still exist simultaneously on the player, so in the event that the one with the highest multiplier wears off the next highest will be used instead.
This change affects the following weapons/abilities (Empowering Rift, Frontal Assault, Guiding Flame, Sun Warrior, Inertia Override, Well of Radiance, Lumina/Noble Rounds, Weapons of Light)
Notable exceptions: Vengeance (One Eyed Mask)
Frontal Assault
Bonus damage is now +20% (Previously +25%)
Sun Warrior
Bonus damage is now +20% (Previously +25%)
Well of Radiance
Bonus damage is now +25% (Previously +35%)
Weapons of Light
Bonus damage is now +35% (Previously +25%)


Enemy Debuffs (Weakened)
Shadowshot
Incoming PvE damage is now +30% (Previously +35%)
Incoming PvP damage is now +50% (Previously +55%)
This effect no longer excludes power weapons
Tractor Cannon (Repulsor Force)
Incoming PvE damage is now +30% for all elements (Previously +33%/50% for Non-Void/Void damage respectively)
Incoming PvP damage is now +50% for all elements (Previously +33%/50% for Non-Void/Void damage respectively)
Hammer Strike
Incoming PvE damage is now +30% (Previously +50%)
Duration increased from 6 to 10 seconds in PvE
Shattering Strike
Incoming PvE damage is now +30% (Previously +50%)
Duration increased from 6 to 10 seconds in PvE


Reduced Super Damage Resistance
Goal: Since the launch of Destiny 2 we have slowly introduced buffs to supers, especially roaming supers. While we believe supers should be powerful they should not be mindless. We want supers to be more risky in both PvE and PvP. We want players to think about positioning and timing more. Not so long ago we experimented with Spectral Blades by lowering the damage resistance substantially. These changes were generally well received and improved the experience of the super for both the person running it and the person who was running from it. In PvE players shouldn't feel like their super makes them invulnerable and casting one should call for situational strategic thinking. In PvP players need to feel like they can challenge a super and that with skillful play there's a chance they can beat it.

Super Damage Resistance removed from masterwork armor
Inherent Super Damage Resistance lowered by category (see below)


Low- 54%  49%
Nova Warp
Thunder Crash
Blade Barrage
Nova Bomb
Well of Radiance


Medium - 56%  51%
Hammer of Sol
Daybreak


High - 60%  53%
Fist of Havok
Burning Maul
Sentinel Shield
Arc Staff
Arc Lightning
Shadowshot


Other (unchanged)
Spectral Blades - 52% / 54.4%
Golden Gun - 0%
Chaos Reach - 40%
Ability and Armor General Fixes
Fixed an issue where abilities that dealt lingering damage were dealing higher damage than intended at higher framerates
This includes abilities such as Nova Bomb, Vortex Grenades, Solar Grenades, Smoke Bombs, Fan of Knives, and Sun Spots
Fixed an issue where the Hunter's Tempest Strike melee ability couldn't be performed if the Sprint button/key was set to Hold
Fixed an issue where the increased sustain damage perk of the Stormtrance super would break if a player swapped their sub-class to Chaos Reach and then back to Stormtrance within an activity
Fixed an issue where the Liar's Handshake perk Cross Counter was intermittently failing to activate and trigger healing
Sealed Ahamkara Grasps perk Nightmare Fuel will now correctly reload weapons when used in tandem with Knife Trick and the Tractor Cannon
A Titan's Burning Maul line attack will no longer be blocked and detonate early if they have Telesto projectiles attached to them
Borealis and Hardlight now match the Prism modifier when changing elements on reload, rotating through Void > Arc > Solar
The Hunter's Combination Blow ability buff will now correctly be removed when switching sub-classes while the buff is active
The Phoenix Protocol Hearth perk will no longer award bonus super energy on kills and assists to Warlocks inside a Well of Radiance who do not also have the Well of Radiance (Attunement of Grace) sub-class equipped
The Enhanced Momentum Transfer perk now displays the correct icon
The Mad Warden will no longer get frozen in time when destroyed by a Hunter's Golden Gun
Fixed an issue where Warlocks couldn't perform their Well of Radiance super during the reload animation for breach loaded Grenade Launchers
If interrupted, the reload animation will complete after the super is cast
Fixed an issue where allied Golden Gun projectiles weren't going through Banner Shields
Fixed an issue where the Queen's Wrath perk for the exotic Wish-Ender bow wasn't correctly highlighting players if their shield was depleted
The Warlock's Arc subclass ability 'Pulsewave' buff will no longer clear the Quickdraw perk bonus granted from a weapon upon its expiration
The Warlock's 'Alchemical Etchings' perk buffs from Lunafaction Boots will now correctly be removed if/when their Well of Radiance is destroyed
Khepri's Sting will no longer consume the owner's melee ability energy charge when hit by a friendly Hunter's smoke bomb
Weapon Changes
Weapon mods are now treated as reusable unlocks instead of consumables. Any mods you have in your inventory will be converted to unlocks
This gives players the opportunity to play with different mods more frequently
If the only copy of a mod you have is already in a gun, you will need to reacquire one to unlock it
Minor enemies (Rank-and-File) no longer take more precision damage than other enemies
These enemies previously took twice as much damage to their precision hit locations than enemies of higher ranks
You will still deal precision damage, but this is now entirely dependent on the weapon, as it is for higher ranked enemies
The amount of time allowed between kills to generate a masterwork orb has been reworked per archetype:
2.5 seconds for shotguns, hand cannons, scout rifles, machine guns, and pulse rifles
3 seconds for auto rifles and trace rifles
4 seconds for bows, fusion rifles, rocket launchers, and grenade launchers
5 seconds for sniper rifles, linear fusion rifles, sidearms, submachine guns, and swords
Auto Rifles
PvE damage increased between +30% and +25% depending on combatant rank
Bows
PvE damage increased by +31% against minor enemies, and +26% against major enemies
Fixed an issue where bow draw times were displayed incorrectly in the inspection screen
Hand Cannons
PvE damage against minor enemies increased by 30%
Lightweight and Adaptive hand cannons use a new firing animation while aiming down sights
This change was made to increase weapon accuracy when firing these weapons as fast as possible
Ex: Currently, players can shoot faster than the recoil animation of 140/150 archetypes - so while the Hand Cannon looks to have fully reset from recoil, the following projectile will be shot as if the weapon was still in a recoiled state
Reduced the effect the range stat has on damage range falloff (effective range) for this weapon archetype
Machine Guns
PvE damage against minor enemies increased by 25%
Increased the effects of damage range falloff on this weapon archetype
Pulse Rifles
PvE damage against minor enemies increased by 28%
Increased the effects of damage range falloff on this weapon archetype
Archetype specific damage changes (impacts both PvE and PvP gameplay)
Rapid-Fire Pulse Rifles now deal 14/23.8 base/precision damage (Previously 13/21.4)
High Impact Pulse Rifles now deal 21/33.6 base/precision damage (Previously 20/32)
Scout Rifles
PvE damage increased between +36% and +18% depending on combatant rank
Sidearms
PvE damage increased to minor and major combatants by 16%
Sniper Rifles
PvE damage increased by +47% against minor enemies, +20% for others
Exotic sniper rifle perk damage bonuses have been modified to compensate for this change and they will not receive the full benefits as a result
Submachineguns
PvE damage increased by 22.5% against minor/major combatants
Aggressive Frame
Removed the intrinsic effect of "Deals bonus damage at close range."
This bonus was 10%, but was unintentionally always active
The bonus damage has been moved to the base damage for 750 RPM Submachineguns, resulting in no damage change
As a result, Tarrabah and The Huckleberry gain 10% damage in both PvE and PvP
Exotics
Sweet Business
Increased magazine size from 100 to 150.
Increased PvE damage by 15%.
High Caliber rounds have been replaced with Armor Piercing rounds.
Damage changed to 15/21.2 base/precision (Previously 13.21/21.14)
This weapon no longer requires you to be firing when you pick up ammo to have it automatically reload.
Graviton Lance
PvE damage increased by 30%
Sunshot
Increased magazine size to 12
Vigilance Wing
PvE damage increased by 25%
Crimson
Damage changed to 19/30.5 base/precision (Previously 13.76/24.75)
Fixed an issue that was causing this weapon to deal higher flinch than intended
Merciless
Fixed the missing aim assist stat for this weapon
Ace of Spades
Memento Mori's damage bonus is now affected by range falloff
Lumina
Noble Rounds should apply their buff to allies more reliably now
The Colony
"Serve the Colony" now functions as Auto Loading Holster does


Perks
Reduced the effectiveness of the following perks in PvE: (Added missing note 10/1)
Rampage, Kill Clip, Swashbuckler, Multi-Kill Clip, Desperado, Surrounded, Master of Arms, Onslaught
In general, these perks use the same damage multipliers for PvE that they did in PvP
The change to Rampage does not affect The Huckleberry
Onslaught and Desperado now change bullet impact values while active in PvE
Surrounded no longer multiplies precision damage on top of base damage, as it was benefiting some weapon types more than others as a result
Subsistence
Reduced the impact of this perk on total reserves
Ricochet Rounds
Removed the hidden bonus to damage falloff
Swashbuckler
Perk now activates when getting a kill with Ball Lightning
Grave Robber
Perk now activates when getting a kill with ranged melee abilities (ie: Ball Lightning, Explosive Knife)
One-Two Punch
Reduced the effectiveness of stacking One-Two Punch and Cross Counter (Liar's Handshake)
Ex: Players won't be able to defeat Riven in less than three seconds after Shadowkeep launches using the combo of One-Two Punch and Liar's Handshake, but we know many of you will try other builds... and potentially even succeed.


Weapon General Fixes
Fixed an issue where AI combatants in Gambit based activities were using PvP values instead of PvE values
Fixed an issue on Jade Rabbit where parts of the ornament were appearing on the original weapon art
Fixed an issue where masterworked weapons would sometimes spawn a large amount of orbs off a single kill
Fixed an issue where killing Vex Harpies with precision damage from Outbreak Perfected wasn't spawning Nanites as expected
Added missing Thunderlord Killfeed and Obituary icons
Infusing Thunderlord now correctly requires a destination material (EDZ Dusklight Shards)
Player Identity Systems
Triumph Steps
Triumphs can now be broken into steps with each step granting Triumph score
Some Triumphs have been extended with additional steps that grant additional Triumph Score
Some Triumphs have had their existing requirements broken into steps and the original Triumph Score has been split between those steps
Seasonal Artifact
Each season there will a new pursuit, the seasonal artifact
For Season of the Undying it is The Gate Lords Eye
At the end of the season the artifact will go away, and be replaced by a new artifact
The seasonal artifact has two progressions:
Artifact Power:
Gain an uncapped bonus to your power by earning XP.  Each point of power takes more XP to earn than the last
Artifact Mods
Earn up to 12 points by gaining XP
Spend points to unlock seasonal mods for Armor 2.0
Armor Changes
Character Stats
Discipline, Intellect, and Strength stats return from the original Destiny game
Your Discipline determines your grenade recharge rate
Your Intellect determines you super recharge rate
Your Strength determines your melee ability recharge rate
All stats now go from 0 to 100
For Discipline, Intellect, and Strength, a stat of 30 is the equivalent recharge rate to the pre-Shadowkeep recharge rate with no mods affecting that recharge rate applied
A stat of 100 is the equivalent of having 5 of the appropriate recharge rate-affecting mod applied
Each piece of armor now provides you with contributions to each of your six stats
Armor that drops in the world, from engrams, and activity rewards have randomized stats


Armor 2.0
All exotic and legendary armor will drop to use the new armor system
Armor 2.0 versions of exotic armor pieces can be pulled from your Collection provided you have collected that exotic
All Armor 2.0 armor pieces have an energy type (Arc, Solar, Void) and an energy capacity
Energy capacity can be upgraded by spending currencies and materials, to a maximum of 10
Armor with 10 energy is considered to be masterworked and provides a +2 bonus to all six character stats
All armor mods have an energy cost and an energy type (Arc, Solar, Void, or Any)
Arc, Solar, and Void mods can only be socketed into armor of the matching energy type; mods with an Any energy cost can be socketed into any armor
Each piece of armor comes with multiple armor mod sockets, into which your mods can be applied
A socketed armor mod occupies an amount of the armor's energy capacity equal to the mod's energy cost; you must have enough armor energy available to be able to socket a mod
Armor mods are no longer consumable, and are instead unlocked and resuable across all applicable armor pieces once acquired
Armor mods can be acquired from gunsmith packages, direct purchase from the gunsmith, world engrams, and pinnacle activity engrams
Armor 2.0 mods and pre-Armor 2.0 armor perks do not stack


Masterworks
Fully masterworked armor no longer provide bonus damage reduction when using your super


Exotics

Titan
Actium War Rig
Now works with heavy machine guns
Warlock
Lunafaction Boots
Removed the effect of automatically reloading allies' weapons while they occupy your rift
This exotic armor piece now grants a reload speed bonus for allies occupying your rifts
Economy
Armor Masterworking Costs
Masterworking Armor costs and levels have been updated to include two new materials: Enhancement Prisms and Ascendant Shards
Both these materials can be obtained via the following sources:
Nightfall: The Ordeal rewards
Purchased from the Gunsmith for a rotating variety of currency and resources
Other special reward sources such as the Season Pass
Enhancement Prisms and Ascendant Shards are capped at 50 and 10 respectively to limit hoarding, and to keep players unfamiliar with this system from sinking all their resources into a single item
Infusion Material Costs
Infusion between two items of any rarity now requires only a single material to complete: Upgrade Modules
Upgrade Modules can be obtained via the following sources:
Each of the Gunsmith Weekly Bounties award one Upgrade Module per week
Purchased from the Gunsmith for a rotating variety of currency and resources 
Season of Undying free track Season Pass rank rewards
Upgrade Modules are capped at 25 to limit hoarding, and to keep players unfamiliar with this system from sinking all their resources into a single item
Discarding an Enhancement Core no longer deletes the entire stack
Bright Dust
Bright Dust is now earned by completing Crucible, Gambit, and Vanguard weekly and repeatable bounties
We chose to grant all of Bright Dust from ritual weekly bounties rather than spreading it out across the weekly and daily bounties so players could more easily earn Bright Dust without having to make sure they complete every single daily
Players will be able to do the repeatable bounties as many times as they like
Any Crucible, Gambit, or Vanguard completed bounties need to be turned in before maintenance begins on 9/30 as these changes will reset them; other bountiesGunsmith, clan, Eververse, etc.can still be claimed after Oct 1
Eververse items no longer dismantle into Bright Dust, and instead grant legendary shards and glimmer
New Eververse items for Season of the Undying will become available for Bright Dust two weeks into the Season
Eververse items no longer require Bright Dust to reacquire them(or re-roll perks) from Collections; instead, they cost the same materials that reward items of the same type/rarity use
Fireteam Medallions have been removed from the store, deprecated into Fizzled Fireteam Medallions, and can now be dismantled into Bright Dust to recover their purchase price (50 Bright Dust)
Gleaming Boon of the Vanguard price has been lowered to 150 Bright Dust
Gleaming Boon of the Crucible price has been lowered to 500 Bright Dust
Eververse
The Season 7 Best of Year One Engram has been retired, and in its place, players can now obtain the new Season 8 Nostalgic Engram
The Seasonal Milestone no longer grants a bounty; instead, it directly grants a Bright Engram
The Season 8 Nostalgic Engram is no longer earned at level up
Instead, the Bright Engram is now included in the free rewards of the Season Pass that are visible before level 100; it's also awarded every 5 levels after level 100
The Eververse storefront is now available via the Director
Eververse bounties (standard and IGR versions) have been deprecated; any remaining bounty notes can be broken down into Bright Dust
You can still complete and turn in any outstanding Eververse bounties until they expire 
Glimmer
Players can now store up to 250,000 Glimmer
Glimmer rewards from the majority of sources in the game have been rebalanced
Most open world sources (public events, Lost Sectors, chests) have been significantly increased
Passive Glimmer gain on kill has been reduced
In addition to directly awarding Glimmer on kill, combatants will sometimes drop additional Glimmer chunks
Weekly bounties award a large amount of Glimmer in addition to their other rewards

Spider's Exchange
The Spider welcomes new opportunities with four arms open and now deals in materials from all planets
However, the Spider has noted changes in market value, and has adjusted his exchange rates accordingly:
Glimmer exchange now costs 10 Legendary Shards or 20 materials, and yields 10,000 Glimmer
Tangled Shore daily bounties no longer award Glimmer, providing instead Etheric Spirals (in keeping with his competition)
Weekly wanted bounties no longer award gear, but now provide between 3,000 and 15,000 Glimmer in addition to the Enhancement Cores currently offered
Xr
Xr's inventory pool and Fated Engram now include world-drop Exotics from Year 2
Universal Ornaments
Select armor sets now function as Universal Ornaments. Once unlocked, these ornaments can be used to change the appearance of any Legendary Armor 2.0 item. Note armor items that correspond to converted Universal Ornaments have not been removed from player inventories; already owned armor items still exist in their current state.
All previously purchased Eververse armor pieces will unlock a corresponding Universal Ornament of the same appearance and slot on all Armor 2.0 items
Past Eververse sets have been converted to Universal Ornaments, and will be available in Silver bundles via the Eververse archive 
Pricing for these bundles will be reduced for each piece in the bundled set already owned on the account
Seasons 1 and 3 sets will be available when Shadowkeep launches - additional seasonal sets will be added at later dates
Gunsmith
Weekly bounties now award an Upgrade Module instead of an Enhancement Core
Banshee-44's mod inventory has been refreshed
Banshee-44 is now selling Upgrade Modules for infusion, as well as Enhancement Prisms and Ascendant Shards for armor Masterworking
Players who obtained a Legendary set of Solstice armor in Season of Opulence will find a bundle available on Banshee containing an Armor 2.0 version of the set
You must be logged in on the relevant class to see its bundle on Banshee (if you obtained that class's Legendary Solstice set)
Rewards Power and Progression
All non-powerful rewards now drop 3 to 0 points below your highest equippable Power level, up from 15 to 20 below
Year 2 powerful reward sources have changed to Legendary rewards
These sources no longer have a chance to drop a random Exotic instead of the Legendary gear
Bonus Exotics that drop from Nightfall: The Ordeal will drop at the character's highest equippable Power level
Under- and over-leveling activities no longer adjust how much Power is received from the rewards
Experience no longer fuels a player's character level, which has been changed to be level 50 for all characters
Experience instead progresses the Season Pass, Seasonal Artifact mod, and Power progressions, as well as the unlocking of destinations for new characters
Experience rewards have been rebalanced with the introduction of the Season Pass and Seasonal Artifact progressions
The Power granted from the Seasonal Artifact is additive with the Power of the player's equippable gear, but does not increase the Power of gear drops
All existing gear has had its Power increased to a minimum of 750; new characters will begin Destiny 2 at Power 750 as well
The Power bands for Season 8 are as follows
Floor: 750
Soft Cap: 900
All drops up to this point will be upgrades to the most powerful item in your inventory or vault
Beyond this point, only powerful and pinnacle rewards will increase a player's Power
Powerful Cap: 950
All non-powerful/pinnacle rewards are capped at 950
Pinnacle rewards are the only way to raise Power above this point
Powerful rewards are equivalent to the character's highest-equippable Power beyond this point
Pinnacle Cap: 960
This is the highest Power at which gear drops; also known as the "hard cap"
The Seasonal Artifact bonus Power allows characters to attain values above this level
Prime Engrams
Prime Engrams now gain charges more quickly, drop more frequently, and have a higher maximum charge cap (nine charges, up from six during Year 2)
The Power gains have been rebalanced for the increased frequency, providing +3 Power, down from a range of +4 to +7
Players who have completed the "Prime Example" quest prior to Shadowkeep's release will earn charges, but those charges won't drop until the character has reached 900 Power
This will help players avoid spending charges early for gains that are most beneficial during the Soft Cap to Powerful Cap range
Bounties
Reworked Tower bounty pools, and added a new 'Repeatable Daily Bounty' which can be purchased by players for a significant amount of glimmer as many times as they like
Activities
Vanguard
Added new activity on the Vanguard screen - Nightfall: The Ordeal
Renamed Nightfall to Weekly Nightfall and adjusted base power level to 820
Added Rally Banner consumables to Hawthorne's inventory
Updated Nightfall scheduling to reduce long streaks without certain Strikes or duplicate Strikes.
Crucible:
Director
Playlists Removed:
Quickplay
Competitive
Playlists Added:
Control 6v6
6v6 Rotator
4v4 Rotator
Survival 3v3
Survival 3v3 Freelancer (solo queue)
Crucible Labs: Elimination 3v3
Classic Mix 6v6 (connection-based matchmaking)
Maps
Removed:
Dead Cliffs
Retribution
Solitude
Legion's Gulch
Added
Widow's Court
Twilight Gap
Fragment

Ranks
Players cannot lose Glory ranks below Fabled I
Losing a match reduces Glory streak by 2 instead of resetting
Losing a match reduces Valor or Infamy streak by 1 instead of resetting
Glory adjusts more quickly to match player skill

Matchmaking:
Skill-matching algorithm adjusted to allow for greater variance of matches

General
Power Ammo crates are now shared in all 6v6 modes
Added physics to the Pacifica Crucible map to prevent players from being able to navigate into an unfairly advantageous position in the environment
Challenges
Moved Nightfall challenges from Weekly Nightfall activity to Nightfall: The Ordeal, and retuned completions
Removed Daily Heroic Story Mission, Strike, Gambit, and Crucible challenges
Removed Ikora Weekly Bounty Completion challenge
Removed Petra's weekly challenge
Added Weekly Bounty Completion challenges to Shaxx, Banshee, Zavala, and Drifter
Raids and Dungeons
Added rally banners to Leviathan, Eater of Worlds, and Spire of Stars 
"The Shattered Throne" Dungeon is now available at all times instead of on a three-week cycle
It can also be launched and reset from the Director
Destinations
Black Armory forges are now accessible through a director launched playlist on EDZ
New Light
General
The Power level of all players' current gear will be set to 750 at launch. All new characters will start at Power 750
Black Armory Forges, Gambit, Gambit Prime, the Reckoning, and the Menagerie are available for all players
Leviathan raid lairs Eater of Worlds and Spire of Stars are available for all players
All players can enter Free Roam on all destinations, including the Moon (once the destination has been unlocked)
Many previously quests can now be picked up on various vendors
New Guardians
New characters are no longer required to play through Red War, Curse of Osiris or Warmind (a.k.a. Classic) campaigns before accessing various activities and quests
New characters can acquire the classic campaign pursuits from Amanda Holliday
If the player acquires a campaign pursuit for a mission on a planet they have not yet unlocked by earning XP, that planet will become unlocked
For example, if the player has only unlocked the EDZ and Titan, and then they acquire the Curse of Osiris campaign pursuit, the Mercury destination will become unlocked
New characters have immediate access to all playlist activities (but they still might not meet the Power requirements for higher tiers of Player Elected Difficulty, or they might need a special item like a Mote Synthesizer to play the Reckoning)
New character will be granted the New Light main quest. This quest will lead them through most ritual activities, Year 1 seasonal content, and Year 1 destinations
For new characters, Zavala, Shaxx, and Drifter will initially have simplified inventories. Players must complete a short intro quest for Strikes, Crucible, and Gambit to unlock the full inventory of bounties and pursuits on these vendors
Black Armory
Quests
The Black Armory area of the Tower Annex is now accessible to all players
Simplified the Black Armory intro quest
Removed the quests needed to Unlock the Izanami and Gofannon forges
Exotics
Le Monarque and Jotunn are now first unlocked via pursuits found on Ada-1
The quest for Izanagi's Burden can now also be acquired from Ada-1
Forges
Introducing the Forge Rotator
Found on the EDZ Director Screen
Launch directly into a forge by selecting the node
Which Forge is playable rotates daily
Forges are no longer launched from EDZ or Nessus
Rewards
Weapon frames no longer require specific forges in order to be completed
Warmind
Escalation Protocol access is no longer gated on any campaign completion requirements
General
Fixed an issue where the "Cross Save Enabled" messaging was displayed for players who did not have Cross Save enabled.
Players can now use the Right-Stick and/or Mouse Wheel to scroll up and down on the Lore Tab without having the cursor focused on the scroll bar
Removed the Seasons Node on the Director (all seasonal information can be seen via the Seasons tab)
Added Key Mapping options for the Store, Quests and Seasons tabs
Added a small "You are here" indicator around a destination node (and a string in the tooltip) when the player is in that destination
The character level on the character nameplate has been replaced with the character's Class Icon
Fallen Spider Tanks are no longer utilizing stealth technology on their front mini-guns
Players who've obtained the Salute emote in the past can now correctly select it in their collection and assign it to their Emote wheel
The EDZ Region Chest Triumph now has a requirement of 20 chests for completion
Activating the Fist Bump and Handshake multiplayer emotes will now correctly announce to the Battlefeed
Removed a duplicate "Iron Truage Suit" armor set entry found in Hunter Collections
Runefinder buff will now only award Runes to the player with the buff and not have a chance to grant Runes for other fireteam members
Reward Systems
Apply actions will work on the first attempt
Huginn will no longer sell Tinctures to players who have full inventories (no free space)
Fixed an issue where some items would not appear in the loot stream if multiple items were awarded at the same time
Multiplayer (Buddy) emotes will now have a visible indication of where a player can stand to be able to interact and initiate the emote
Players who complete Gambit Prime Civic Duty bounties (which don't require playing Gambit) will now correctly retain their Infamy points when returning to Orbit from destinations/activities
The last shipments of the Vestian Dynasty sidearm have been recalled from all sources and vendors and sent to Spider for disposal
The Queen of Hearts exotic ship now dismantles in 4 seconds, like other exotics, and now correctly uses the exotic acquired SFX
Fixed an issue where Gambit Prime envoys didn't count towards the Envoy While It Lasts bount
Failing the first encounter for any Black Armory Forge will no longer award planetary destination materials
Fixed an issue where players would lose rewards if they claimed a bounty in private matches
The timer for Timed Activities (such as the Heroic Whisper of the Worm mission) will now activate after 5 minutes if at least one player has loaded into the activity
Fixed an issue where the "Bank This!" Gambit medal was not being correctly awarded when Invaders killed opposing Guardians holding motes near their Bank, which was preventing the associated "Bank This!" Triumph from progressing

Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.5.2.3
Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.5.2.3
1h - Cozmo
General
Annual Pass content is now available to all Forsaken players of Destiny 2
All negative modifiers have been removed from the Reckoning

Destiny 2 Update 2.5.2.2
Investment
Inventory

Updated the stack size limit from 999 to 9,999 for Planetary Materials, Gunsmith Materials, Vanguard Tokens, Crucible Tokens, and Iron Banner Tokens.
Braytech Schematics

Braytech Schematics are no longer limited to 1 per day, per account
Braytech Schematics have a 25% drop chance when opening any Rasputin Data Cache
The four Braytech weapons offered by Ana Bray, and also tied to the Wayfarer seal, now have a greater chance of granting a weapon you do not currently have.
NOTE: The description of the item will be incorrect and still mention that it's limited to 1 per day, per account. This will be addressed in a future hotfix.

Pinnacle Weapon Quests

Wendigo GL3
Grenade Launcher kills are worth 100% more for each objective
Death Penalty no longer exist for the final objective
Grenade Launcher multikills grant 50% more progress
Completing Playlist strikes grants a significant amount of progress towards the final objective
Mountaintop
Required number of multi-kills has been reduced from 200 to 75
Required number of medals has been reduced from 100 to 25
Points earned in Competitive has been further increased relative to other pvp modes
roughly 1x for Quickplay, 2x for IB, 3x for comp
Activities
Gambit Prime and Reckoning

Enemies in Reckoning adjusted to have less health and do less damage to players
Increased weapon drop rates in Reckoning and Gambit Prime
Further increased bad luck protection to each activity, so players should receive a weapon reward after playing multiple matches without one dropping
Tier 3 Reckoning will have even higher drop rates, as it is more challenging
Eververse

Refunds
Fixed an issue that would cause wrapped items to no longer be refundable when transferred between characters
Character Boosts
The Forsaken character boost is no longer available for purchase
Players will continue to receive one free character boost when accessing Forsaken for the first time


Destiny Update 2.5.2.1
Investment
Solstice of Heroes

The Solstice armor step objective "defeat 100 minibosses in the EAZ" has been updated
Now requires only 50 minibosses
Completing the boss phase counts as 5 miniboss kills
Moments of Triumph

End date for Moments of Triumph has been extended to 9/17 (changed from 8/27)
Moments of Triumph T-shirt claim date has been extended to 9/17
Sparrows

Micro Mini Sparrow has a new, size-appropriate, Microdrive
Collections

The "Wolves Unleashed" and "Prismatic Inferno" emblems can now be reclaimed from Collections


Destiny 2 Update 2.5.2
Sandbox
Weapons

Lord of Wolves
Reduced the amount of ammo that Shotgun Scavenger perks can give to Lord of Wolves when it is in the Release the Wolves state
Decreased the effective range on Lord of Wolves
This decrease is more aggressive when the weapon is in the Release the Wolves state
Perks
Fixed an issue that allowed the Feeding Frenzy perk to be applied to any weapon
Armor

Fixed an issue where the cloth component of the Iron Symmachy Cloak wasn't rendering correctly
Fixed an issue where the cloth component of the Terra Concord Mark wasn't rendering correctly
Fixed a bug where the Titan Exotic leg armor Peregrine Greaves glowed 130x too bright when wearers were at maximum velocity
While our intention was for this Exotic to help Titans destroy opponents with 130x efficiency, we did not intend for its glow to burn out the corneas of the user
Investment
Tribute Hall

Triumphs
The Tribute Hall Triumphs "The Emperor's Gladiator" and "The Scoundrel in Uniform" no longer require you to equip a full set of Leviathan gear to progress
Players will now earn more points based on the number of gear pieces worn, similar to other Triumphs
Tributes
Players will no longer be able to place the Tribute Hall introductory tribute on an alternate character to gain credit for a large number of tributes placed
Players who accessed the catalyst or emote rewards through this method will have those items relocked until they place enough unique tributes to meet the actual unlock requirements
Iron Banner

Iron Banner pursuit objective values have been adjusted
Reduced the grenade kills required by 50%
Ally grenade kills are now worth as much as your own
Reduced the Sword kills required by 25%
Ally Sword kills are now worth as much as your own
Fixed an issue where players were unable to equip Season 3 Iron Banner ornaments on their Season 7 armor
The Wolf's Favor will no longer drop from daily and weekly Iron Banner challenges
Fixed an issue where the Triumph "Efrideet's Gift" was not unlocking for players who earned enough Iron Banner rank-up packages during Season 7
This fix is retroactive; it will get players up to speed who have met the requirements
Menagerie / Chalice

Heroic Menagerie now drops a Sword for first-time completion (100%)
Subsequent completions have a moderate chance to drop a Sword (25%)
Fixed an issue where the Triumph "Drink Deep" would not unlock for some players who claimed the Masterwork slot on the Chalice of Opulence
Fixed an issue where players could become stuck in the Season of Opulence intro quest by unlocking the first rune slot on the Chalice before completing the Lost Sector The Conflux and being on the correct quest step
Imperials and runes can no longer be earned by idling through matches of Crucible and Gambit
Truth Quest

Replaced the step of the Truth quest chain requiring the bounty "Corsair Down" with a step requiring completion of three patrols in the Dreaming City
Fixed a bug where players could become blocked from earning Truth if they opened the Ascendant chest in the strike "Warden of Nothing" before being on the appropriate quest step
General

Fixed an issue where completion notifications would not appear after players completed bounties
This will also fix an issue where players would sometimes not spawn during a Crucible match


Destiny 2 Update 2.5.1.1
Clans
Added clan XP rewards to the following:
Strikes launched from the Director
Black Armory forges
Escalation Protocol (requires completion of Level 7 and players must open the chest)
Rebalanced clan XP rewards
Raid: 2,000
Raid lair: 1,500
Nightfall: 1,000
Crucible: 500
Strikes: 500
Patrol: 250
Story: 250
Adventure: 250
Heroic adventure: 500
Forge: 500
Menagerie: 1,000
Reckoning:
Tier 1: 500
Tier 2: 750
Tier 3: 1,000
Escalation Protocol: 750
Gambit: 500
Public events: 250
Blind Well: 250
Sandbox
Outbreak Perfected can no longer generate nanites when shooting immune targets
Fixed an issue where magazine size indicators didn't display the proper arrows when changing magazine perks on some Machine Guns
Fixed an issue where the Sturm's Accomplice perk would not reload Sidearms other than Drang or Drang (Baroque)
Fixed an issue where the Sturm's Accomplice perk would play excessive reload audio on kill when paired with Drang or Drang (Baroque)
Fixed an issue where Season 5 Vanguard Pulse Rifle Nightshade wasn't available after Season 5
Fixed an issue where 21% Delirium was gaining stacks of Killing Tally from shooting persistent destroyable objects
Crucible
Fixed an issue where players could reach an advantageous out-of-bounds spot during Crucible matches on Emperor's Respite map
Crown of Sorrow
Fixed an issue preventing players from activating the Witch's Vessel objects in Crown of Sorrow encounters
Menagerie
Players will no longer be able to use their Chalice to gain multiple rewards within the same Menagerie run
In the Gauntlet encounter of the Menagerie, only living players will be given credit for completing a lap
Fixed an issue where Werner's weekly bounties no longer gave powerful rewards
Fixed an issue where Rune Bonus II for the Chalice was not always refunding a rune
Fixed an issue causing the chests on the Barge to reset on Sunday
Eververse
Fixed an issue causing Seasonal Eververse armor to drop from Eververse bundles with random perks
Players who currently have randomly rolled Eververse armor will retain the perks that are on them
Players affected by the Jubilant Bright Engram issue during the Revelry event can now pick up bundles containing any missing Jubilant Eververse armor pieces from the Seasonal store tab
General
Progress toward the "Platforms Spawned" objective of the Truth quest will no longer be reset on a fireteam wipe
Vex Oracles for the Mercury public event will now detonate appropriately when destroyed
Eater of Worlds Crystals guarding Argos have returned to their normal, larger size
Fixed an issue where some players could infinitely reset their Infamy rank
Players who are idle in too many Gambit matches will once again receive matchmaking suspensions
Fixed an issue where /join and /invite commands were not always working on PC
Fixed an issue preventing the Drifter/Vanguard Allegiance quest from progressing
Meat's back on the menu, Guardians
Fixed an issue where waypoints persisted on Ikora and Drifter after completing the Allegiance quest


Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.5.0.3
General
Fixed an issue where players could not progress the "Imperial Summons" quest
Fixed an issue where Sturm's "Accomplice" perk was not reloading Energy weapons
Note: We are currently investigating an issue where Drang is the only Sidearm that reloads when this perk is activated
Note: Energy weapon reload audio may play more than once when the perk triggers
Eververse
Fixed an issue where the Intrepid Seasonal armor sets stated that they could be obtained through Bright Engrams when inspected within Collections
Fixed an issue where seasonal Eververse armor could be acquired with random rolls
Moving forward, all Eververse armor will have static rolls
Any armor obtained prior to this change will maintain their randomly rolled perks


Destiny 2 Update 2.5.0.1
Season of Opulence Begins
Imperial Summons
All players who have completed Forsaken may acquire an Imperial Summons from Benedict 99-40 in the Tower. This quest grants Power Surge gear.

Crown of Sorrow raid begins at 4 PM PDT.

World First Rules may be found here: https://www.bungie.net/en/Help/Article/47218
Sandbox
Weapons

Ace of Spades
No longer two-taps when paired with One-Eyed Mask's Vengeance perk if the victim has at least 4 resilience.
Memento Mori restored to 6 bullets, but bullets are now lost on stow.
Lord of Wolves
Release the Wolves perk can now be activated on special reload instead of on kill.
Normal burst damage decreased by 20%.
Release the Wolves non-precision damage decreased by 23%; precision damage decreased by 34%.
Sleeper Simulant
Reduced bounce damage against bosses, minibosses, and vehicles by 95%.
Reduced precision multiplier, but increased base damage by 66%.
This change results in precision shots dealing approximately the same damage as before, but you are punished less for landing non-precision shots.
Sturm and Drang
Storm and Stress max overcharge rounds increased to 99.
"Sturm Overcharge" buff text now displays the number of overcharge rounds.
Overcharge damage increased by 100% in PvE.
Fixed an issue where a 10% precision damage bonus remained on Sturm when it had used all its overcharge rounds.
Whisper of the Worm
White Nail perk now loads the magazine from reserves.
Increased ammo reserves to max 18 without armor perks.
Fixed an issue where White Nail would fail to activate under certain network conditions.
Luna's Howl/Not Forgotten
RPM changed to 150; damage was adjusted to match other 150 RPM (lightweight) Hand Cannons.
These weapons still retain the Precision sub-archetype benefits and firing animation.
Magnificent Howl has been reworked.
Rapidly landing two precision hits now increases damage and range on your next shot.
The damage increase affects only non-precision damage, but the bonus range is applied regardless.
Fixed an issue where Magnificent Howl would be slow to activate under certain network conditions.
Fusion Rifles (Non-Exotic)
Damage increased against PvE combatants:
High-impact increased by 30%.
Precision increased by 44%.
Adaptive increased by 44%.
Rapid-fire increased by 47%.
Exotic Fusion Rifles

Note: Changes to Exotic Fusion Rifles are due to archetype tweaks and not direct changes; most of these are minor.

Jtunn
Changes affect PvE damage only.
Impact damage increased by 10%.
Detonation damage reduced by 15%.
DOT damage increased by 10%.
This results in an overall 5% increase in total damage.
Merciless
Damage of first bullet at slowest charge time increased by 30%, which decreases as the weapon reaches its fastest charge time. Damage at the fastest charge time is unchanged.
Telesto
Impact damage increased by 49%.
Detonation increased by 3%.
This is an overall damage increase of 4%.
Submachine Guns
Minor adjustment to idle pose for SMG archetype to help set it apart from the rifle archetypes.
Updated firing animations to better reflect the shooting experience of an SMG. 


Dev Commentary: These changes apply to hipfire only, and do not impact accuracy. The goal of this change was to enhance the feeling of shooting an SMG. We've added a random fire pose that will add variation and make the gun feel a little more unstable and lively in your hands. We've also added a progressive fire animation that will give your Guardian a feeling of gripping and controlling the more active weapon during sustained fire.
Swords
General
Ammo capacity increased to a max of 70.
Starting ammo increased by 10.

Black Talon
Ground and aerial projectile ammo cost increased from 3 to 4.

Adaptive Frame
Ground uppercut ammo cost increased from 3 to 4.

Aggressive Frame
Now lunge at target with their aerial light attack.
Light attack consolidated into a single damage event.
Slam attack consolidated into a single damage event.
Slam attack ammo cost increased from 3 to 4.

Lightweight Frame
Tuned damage output.
Ground light attack increased by 17%.
Aerial light attack decreased by 21%.
Ground dash attack increased by 87%.
Aerial dash attack increased by 78%.
No ammo aerial light attack decreased by 49%.
All other no-ammo attacks decreased by 15%.
Ground dash attack ammo cost increased from 2 to 3.
General
Fixed an issue where magazine-size indicators didn't display the proper arrows when changing magazine perks on the Breath of the Dragon and Trackless Waste SMGs.
Truesight's "weakened" enemy highlight or glowing will no longer appear to flicker erratically.
Armor

Super-Generating Exotic Armor
Skull of Dire Ahamkara, Orpheus Rigs, and Phoenix Protocol now grant Super energy back on diminishing returns, making it rarer to get a full Super back.
Shards of Galanor and Ursa Furiosa had their Super gain caps reduced to be in parity with other Super Exotic changes.
Adjusted amount of Spectral Blade Super restoration when defeating enemies with Gwisin Vest.
1 PvP kill = 11.1% ? 8.3%
2 PvP kills = 19.1% ? 12.5%
3 PvP kills = 20.8% ? 14.2%
4 PvP kills = 21% ? 15.8%
5 PvP kills = 21% ? 16.7%
1 Dreg kill = 7% ? 11.1%
2 Dreg kills = 17.7% ? 14.3%
3 Dreg kills = 20% ? 16.5%
4 Dreg kills = 20.9% ? 16.9%
5 Dreg kills = 21% ? 17.1%
Minor adjustments to the Heavy Ammo Finder perk.
Gemini Jester
Increased duration of disorient and no-radar effects by 0.5 seconds.
Aeon Gauntlets
Potency of energy given by Aeon Arms increased for all classes.
Titans now trigger Aeon Arms off of melee kills instead of barricade, and they receive melee energy.
Visual effects on Aeon Gauntlets altered for all classes to distinguish between a player whose energy is full or not.
Abilities
Fixed an issue where "Six-Shooter" refunds a bullet when destroying Titan barricades.
Fixed an issue where "Entropic Pull" melee and "Devour" melee were applying a physics impulse that pushed enemies away.
Fixed an issue where using Chaos Reach with Geomag Stabilizers could sometimes lead to weapons disappearing.
Fixed an issue where players could gain full grenade energy when canceling out of a Nova Warp Super.
Fixed an issue where Combination Blow's melee damage buff was buffing the Arc Staff Super in PvP environments.
Note: This was addressed for PvE in a previous update.
Moving between overlapping Wells of Radiance no longer lead to removing the buff earlier than expected.
Investment
Clans

Clan XP has been reset for Season 7 start.
A new weekly bonus bounty has been added for Season 7. This bounty is available at the max clan rank.
Emotes

The Luxurious Toast emote now allows players to sit for as long as they desire.
Eververse

The Eververse storefront has been updated.
For additional information, please see: This Week at Bungie - 5/23/2019
Cayde's Exotic Stash items have been added to Eververse's Bright Dust inventory for weeks 1-4.
Rewards UI/UX

The Pursuits inventory has been moved to the Director menu.
Players may now hold up to 63 pursuits at a given time.
Catalysts are now tracked on the Triumphs page.
Updated Taken and Fallen armor mods to follow the same naming convention.
All shader items have had their icons updated.
Fixed an issue where the action for applying shaders, ornaments, holograms, or using consumables was getting cancelled and not applying on the first attempt.
Note: There are still actions that will cancel the apply function, such as hitting the "Preview" button, exiting Inventory early, letting up on the "Apply" button too early, or completely moving the cursor off of the item being applied.

Vendors

Benedict 99-40
Relocated to the Annex in the Tower.

The Gunsmith
Now offers three daily and two weekly weapon-focused bounties, rewarding Enhancement Cores, mod components, and mods.
Scrapper bounties will no longer drop when dismantling gear.
Existing scrapper bounties will remain in your inventory until expiration or completion.

Xr
Now properly offers random rolls on Exotic armor after refusing to do so in Destiny 2 Update 2.2.1.
We've had a chat with him; if something like this happens again, he'll be in trouble.

Drifter/Vanguard
Weekly reward packages from the Allegiance quest have been retired with the conclusion of Season of the Drifter.

Fixed an issue where some players wouldn't see updated vendors and bounty lists after the weekly reset occurred.
General

The Sony-exclusive Hunter armor set "Red Moon Phantom Suit" should no longer appear in Collections for Xbox and PC players.
Fixed an issue where weapon engrams were incorrectly appearing as Masterworked in the loot stream if a player's inventory was full when walking over them.
Fixed an issue where Arbalest could not be acquired by players who do not own the Annual Pass.
Activities
Raids

Further addressed GUITAR errors that could occur in the Last Wish raid.
Crucible

Players can no longer win Crucible matches by getting kills after the timer has expired.
Fixes an issue where a player could hear the audio for a 20-kill streak but not receive the medal if the 20th kill happened after the match ended.
The Triumph "We Ran Out of Medals" (20-kill streak) will be rewarded if the final kills happen before the match timer ends.
Patrol

After activating the totem, killing the weekly wanted targets will now correctly complete the activity and bounty.
Heroic Adventures

Fixed an issue where players would sometimes load into a different Heroic Adventure on Mars than what was being displayed on the Totem.
Tower

Fixed issues with two Ghost scannables in the Tower
"The one about the Speaker's quarters..." was moved to outside his door along the walkway.
"The one about Banshee-44 and his old location..." was moved and placed on the ground in the corner.
Niobe Labs/Bergusia Forge

Fixed an issue where players on PC were experiencing crashes traversing Niobe Labs and Bergusia Forge spaces.
Commando/Zero Hour

Fixed bug where players could freeze the activity timer in Zero Hour mission.
Fixed bug where the Heroic version of Zero Hour would be available only on the first character to complete the activity on each account.
Misc.

Fallen mines are no longer impervious to being destroyed while on the ground.


Destiny 2 PC Hotfix 2.2.2.2
Misc
Minor adjustment for PC Compatibility
This should prevent a subset of players from entering a black screen due to hardware incompatibility.


Destiny 2 Update 2.2.2
Sandbox
Hunter

Spectral Blades
Out-of-stealth damage reduction decreased from 60% to 52%
In-stealth damage reduction decreased from 62% to 54.4%
Super duration out of stealth with no attacking decreased from 17.5 to 14.5 seconds
Super duration in stealth with no attacking decreased from 26.6 to 23.5 seconds
Light melee cost increased by 50%
Arcstrider
Fixed an issue in which Combination Blow was unintentionally magnifying damage of the Arc Staff Super
Warlock

Voidwalker
Fixed an issue where Warlocks were unable to Blink after going through a teleportation portal
Stormcaller
Fixed an issue where Chaos Reach would not deal damage to enemies affected by other status effects (such as Thorn's Soul Devourer or Hunter Tethers)
Weapons and Armor

Fixed an issue where Actium War Rig would prevent Auto Rifles with the Grave Robber perk from being able to generate Masterwork orbs
Fixed an issue where Vestian Dynasty could not be Masterworked
The Wizened Rebuke can now drop with random rolls from Iron Banner engrams and Match Rewards once the associated Triumph has been completed
Removing Sentry armor with Umbral Strike stacks active will no longer give a permanent damage buff against Taken (note that while the buff string does not clean up, the damage modifier properly clears when removing the armor; the string cleanup will be fixed in a later patch)
Investment
Lore

Fixed an issue where Dreaming City lore was not being awarded when completing an Ascendant Challenge
Bounties

Fixed an issue where the "Collect Vex Samples" objective of the Xr bounty "The Tower" could not be completed in the Warden of Nothing strike
Fixed an issue with the Gambit Prime bounty "Sentries Hold the Line" where all boss enemies were unintentionally contributing toward bounty progress
The bounty has been re-balanced to award significantly more bounty progress for Blocker and Primeval kills
Triumphs

Lowered the Verdant Light: Competitive Triumph to require only 20 Revelry Orbs
Players who earned 20 orbs during the Revelry event will have their Triumph completed retroactively
If players completed all other Triumphs, the "Party Harder" Triumph will also be completed and grant the emblem reward
Medals

Fixed an issue where Massacre and Locksmith medals were not appearing in Gambit Prime
Iron Banner

Fixed an issue where the Iron Ruby shader was not dropping
This shader now drops when dismantling Iron Banner gear
Eververse

Fixed an issue where Legendary Eververse Ghost Shells were dropping with only Mercury perks
Fixed an issue where the "Good Doggo" emote was dropping from unintended sources


Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.2.1.1
General
Fixed an issue where Wavesplitter was being rewarded from Xr on unintended platforms
The weapon will persist in inventory, and become available to equip in September 2019

Fixed an issue where players could re-acquire pinnacle weapons from vendors at no cost
Players should be able to acquire pinnacle weapons beginning at 2:00pm Pacific after taking the patch

Fixed an issue where players could have the Sentry perk "Umbral Strike" even when not having the proper amount of Sentry armor equipped
Sentry perks will be re-enabled at 2:00pm Pacific


Destiny 2 Update 2.2.1
Sandbox
TITAN
StrikerCode of the Juggernaut

Frontal Assault:
Buff duration increased from 10 to 16 seconds 
Buff timer is now displayed on the HUD 
Buff now increases weapon damage
25% in PvE
20% in PvP
Knockout:
Buff duration increased from 3 to 5 seconds
Buff is no longer disabled after a melee attack
In addition to breaking a shield, buff now triggers once you deal 60% damage to a target
Any damage dealt after 60% refreshes the timer
Increased bonus melee damage from 25% to 60%
General bug fix

Fixed an issue where Titans using Code of the Missile could perform the wrong melee
HUNTER
ArcstriderWay of the Warrior

Combination Blow:
Bonus melee damage can now be stacked 3 times
Buff increases melee damage by 60% per stack in PvE 
Buff increases melee damage by 22.7% per stack in PvP
This ability was previously 1 stack and increased melee damage by 50%
Kills with this ability now heal 40 health in addition to starting health regen 
Deadly Reach:
Increased buff duration from 6 to 8 seconds 
Buff is no longer consumed by a melee hit
ArcstriderWay of the Wind

Disorienting Blow:
Increased the melee disorient distance from 4 meters to 6 meters
Increased duration of disorient on players from 1.5 to 2 seconds
Focused Breathing:
Increased dodge recharge bonus while sprinting from 50% to 100%
Combat Meditation:
Increased bonus grenade and melee regeneration while bloodied by 25%
Lightning Reflexes:
Increased damage resistance while dodging from 25% to 40% in PvP
Increased damage resistance while dodging from 63% to 70% In PvE
WARLOCK
General Arc Changes

Stormcaller Super
Damage scales up to 150% over 5 seconds of continuous use of the attack
Updated FX and audio to support this functionality
StormcallerAttunement of Conduction

Chain Lightning Melee
Can now chain up to 5 times, up from 1, and each individual target can be hit twice
Chain damage decreased from 50 to 31 damage per hit
Arc Web
Increase chain range from 10 meters to 12 meters
Can now chain to many more targets, and back and forth between targets
Chaining Arc damage now reduces the cooldown of your grenade
Works with Arc Web chains and chains from Chain Lightning melee
Earn 3% energy per instance of damage in PvE
Earn 10% energy per instance of damage in PvP
StormcallerAttunement of the Elements

Electrostatic Surge:
Increased bonus regeneration rate of Rift by 600% per nearby friendly Guardian
Added a UI notification when the buff is active
Now extends Rift duration from 15 to 20 seconds
Arc Soul:
Extended duration from 8 to 12 seconds.
Voidwalker Nova Warp

Reduced initial charged detonation energy cost by 20%
Reduced energy cost of holding the charged detonation by 7%
Reduced time required to fully charge the charged detonation from 0.9 seconds to 0.7 seconds
Reduced Dark Blink cost by 20%
Increased base Super duration from 18 seconds to 22 seconds
Dawnblade Everlasting Fire

Tuned the amount of Super gained from Everlasting Fire
Initial return increased from 10% to 13%
Return then decays linearly over the course of 30 kills from 13% to 0.75% returned per kill
Abilities Bug Fixes

Fixed an issue where the Warlock ability "Bloom" was not dealing any damage
Improved consistency of Handheld Supernova
Fixed a bug in which canceling Blade Barrage allows players to traverse across the map
Weapons
Weapon Changes

The Last Word
Added a timer to the Fan Fire perk
The Wardcliff Coil
Reduced PvE damage by 25% against bosses and vehicles
General Weapon Bug Fixes

Fixed a material on Coldheart that was no longer shiny
Fixed an issue where ready audio on Veist Submachine Guns was not playing on PS4
Updated the Meganeura perk's description to be more accurate
Fixed an issue where Grenade Launcher initial ammo had been unintentionally reduced
Fixed an issue bug where the Powerful Statement ornament was visible in Loaded Question's ornament socket before it had been obtained
Fixed an issue where Thorn dismantled faster than other Exotic weapons
Fixed an issue where the ATB Long Range scope was erroneously highlighting enemies when equipped on the Long Shadow Sniper Rifle
The Recluse now appears in Collections only when it has been obtained to match the behavior of other pinnacle PvP weapons
Fixed an issue that caused poor scope behavior on the Prospector's ornament "Caution: Heavy Machinery"
Fixed an issue where Wish-Ender did not highlight targets while user was invisible
Fixed an issue where Jtunn was recorded as a Scout Rifle
Fixed an issue where the Vow could not be infused above 650
Fixed an issue where the accuracy ring was not visible on the reticle of Linear Fusion Rifles when using a controller on PC
Armor
Armor Bug fixes

Using Getaway Artist with Storm Grenades now correctly spawns a super-charged Arc soul
Crown of Tempests once again works with Ball Lightning
Stronghold will no longer drain heavy ammo while guarding with Black Talon
Investment
Rewards
Increased drop rate of items in the Last Wish Raid
One Thousand Voices: 5%  10%
Glittering Key: 5%  20%
Used to acquire Last Wish ship "Ermine TAC-717"
Wish-Maker Shell (Last Wish Ghost Shell): 2%  20%
Cleansing Knife (Last Wish Sparrow): 5%  20%
Increased drop rate of items in the Dreaming City
Pallas Galliot (Dreaming City Ship): 2%  20%
Starlight Shell (Dreaming City Ghost Shell): 2%  20%
Silver Tercel (Dreaming City Sparrow): 5%  20%
Increased drop rate of Lore Books
Cayde's Stash Lore
Cayde treasure map chests: 40%  100%
Planetary chests: 4%  50%
Dreaming City Lore
Public event completed: 2.5%  50%
Ascendant challenge completed: 2.5%  100%
Blind Well completed (Tier 1-3): 5%  50%
Lost Sector completed: 1.25%  100%
The Marasenna lore book was missing two entries: Revanche I and Palingenesis III; these entries now unlock after you unlock all other entries. 
Tangled Shore Lore
While Tangled Shore is the Flashpoint
Public event completed: 6.5%  50%
Heroic adventure completed: 16%  50%
Lost Sector completed: 3%  50%
Gunsmith reputation packages now only reward Gunsmith Weapons
Four new Exotic weapon catalysts are now available to drop in Nightfall, strikes, and the Crucible
Prospector (Nightfall, strikes)
Rat King (Nightfall, strikes)
Hard Light (Nightfall, strikes)
SUROS Regime (Crucible)
Xr's inventory now offers random rolled perks for armor
Fated Engrams from Xr now have the chance to reward Forsaken Exotics
Added ability to preview Ghost projections when inspecting Ghosts
Quests/Bounties
Power Surge Bounties that have expired or been deleted are now available on the Drifter, though each bounty can still be completed only once per character
Power Surge Bounties now specify "Requires Annual Pass and Level 50" if either requirement is not met
Reaping in the Wilds Gambit Prime bounty now progresses from all high-value targets in free roam
Players who sided with the Vanguard on the Allegiance quest can now also bank Motes in normal Gambit to progress on the Prime Research quest step
Quest progress for the Survival Guide or Hidden Messages quest steps will now re-initialize properly; if you are stuck on these quest steps, you should abandon them and pick them up again from the Drifter to update the "tapes discovered" count
The weekly lockout reset for Invitations of the Nine has been moved to Thursday Reset (1700 UTC); players will now have two extra days to complete them before being locked out of a new Invitation the following Friday
Lost Sector Gambit Prime bounty now progresses from all Lost Sectors
All four weekly role bounties for Gambit Prime now grant powerful head rewards
Yes Sir, I'm A Closer weekly Gambit Prime bounty now awards 4 points for a win and 2 points for a loss, with a completion value of 20 points
Pursuits
Ada-1 will now offer all seven weapon frames each week
Players can still complete only two powerful frames each week, at which point remaining frames are removed until weekly reset
Fixed an issue where players could acquire pinnacle weapons once per character; pinnacle weapons are meant to be acquired only once per account
Drifter's weekly role bounties will now properly count Motes wagered in the Reckoning when the Mote is a lower tier than the activity itself
Gambit Prime now counts to unlock the weekly Gambit clan engram
When recycling Synths at the Drifter, the error "Your Glimmer is full" will now be properly displayed on all four Synths
Fixed an issue with the Sentry emblem where killing Giant Blockers wasn't incrementing the "Blockers killed" stat
Fixed an issue where the Gambit Prime weekly challenge didn't display completion in the UI
Triumphs
Fixed an issue where Triumphs from previous seasons were counting Glory Win Streaks in the current season
Fixed an issue where the Triumph "The Best Offense" was not giving credit for all orbs generated
The Haul Triumphs "Greater Powers" and "IX" can now be completed and will initialize for players who have already completed them as soon as they enter Orbit
General
Arsenic Bite now drops with random rolls; removed Vestian Dynasty from the general loot pool
Fixed an issue where the BrayTech RWP Mk. II could not be infused above 600
Increased drop rate of Polestar II Ghost Shell from 1% to 4%
Fixed an issue where Obsidian Crystal would sometimes not drop from the Unidentified Frame quest step
Activities
Reckoning
Reckoning Tier 2 and Tier 3 boss kills now always have a chance to award a Gambit Prime weapon
Chances for weapon rewards increase each time a boss is killed without a weapon drop
Players near the bank should no longer be able to see waypoints until they jump through the portal
When players jump through the portal, they should be placed in one of three active locations:
Anytime before players begin capturing the bridge: over the horde mode area
Anytime after players begin capturing the bridge, before they fully capture the bridge: at the beginning of the bridge
After players fully capture the bridge and begin the boss fight: at the end of the bridge
Fixed an issue where the Tier 1 Deceived Nokris was not summoning its Taken Warbeasts
Gambit Prime
Some Reckoning weapons now have a chance to drop as match completion rewards from Gambit Prime
Chances increase after each Gambit Prime match without a weapon drop
An invasion kill now heals 8% of the Primeval's health, down from 12%
The invasion portal cooldown time during the Primeval phase has been increased to 40 seconds, up from 30 seconds
This cooldown triggers after a player has been killed or successfully returns from an invasion
Fixed an issue where all Gambit medals that shipped in Forsaken were not displaying in the HUD when players earned them in Prime
Fixed an issue where the Primeval Hobgoblin was not functioning properly in Gambit Prime
Boss reintroduced to Gambit Prime
Fixed an issue where killing players in subsequent Wells of Light would unintentionally count towards earning the "Well Well Well" medal
Fixed on issue on Deep Six and New Arcadia where the Ascendant Primeval Servitor wasn't summoning Immunity Blights
The Burrow front on Six Deep had some minor adjustments to reduce combatant/environment collisions
Gambit
High-value targets now have a chance to spawn during the first round of a Gambit match; the chance for the HVT to spawn in the second round has been increased
Private Matches: Sudden Death can now be enabled or disabled via the Rounds to Win options
Fixed an issue where the "Open 24/7" medal could be acquired during a Sudden Death round of Gambit
Fixed an issue where the "Rainmaker" medal could be acquired during a Sudden Death round of Gambit
Gambit intro cinematics now run at unlocked framerates on PC
Fixed an issue where Scorn Captain's immunity totems were not properly shielding combatants
Fixed an issue where Drifter was announcing "Portal's Up" after the round had ended
Reduced the number of required Blockers to send for the Taken Herder, Shepard, and Whisperer Triumphs
Reduced the number of required number of Motes to bank in order to achieve the Protect the Runner Triumphs
Fixed an issue where players who are restricted from the Crucible/Gambit due to poor network quality were unable to launch Gambit Private Matches
Fixed an issue where Infamy ranks could be repeatedly reset without needing to progress through the ranks between each reset
Strikes
Fixed an issue where the gravlift would sometimes be missing in the Warden of Nothing strike
Nightfall tickets now have min/max and +-25 for incrementing power reduction; this will allow players to get to the +100 power reduction easier to increase the score multiplier
Crucible
Competitive

Fixed an issue where players who are disconnected from Destiny servers could not rejoin games in the Competitive Crucible playlist.
Iron Banner

The curated roll "Wizened Rebuke" Fusion Rifle awarded from completing the "Atlas, Unbound" Triumph will now appear in Lord Saladin's inventory so that players can inspect it prior to acquisition
Once earned, the weapon may be viewed in Collections
The curated roll "Wizened Rebuke" Fusion Rifle can now be reacquired from Collections for the same cost as other Masterworked, curated roll weapons
The Heavy as Iron emblem may be earned when securing 2500 kills under the effects of the Iron Burden
Removed ship "Volk-CER" from Collections due to an issue impacting the ship
Expect this to return in a future Season
Patrols
Fixed an issue where the architects would sometimes kill Guardians for absolutely no reason in a very specific area of the Dreaming City 
Combatants
General
Fixed an issue where the Taken Hydra rotating shield would flicker when shielded by Taken Goblins
Fixed an issue where the Ultra Taken Hobgoblin was using the Swarm attack more frequently than intended
UI
General
Player will now always see equipped titles when inspecting another player
The weapon ornament "Powerful Statement" is no longer visible in the socket preview for Loaded Question before being obtained
Postmaster "open bundle confirmation" dialogue now shows appropriate strings when it pops up; would previously cause occasional crashes
Material cost no longer appears red on vendor tooltips if the item is not purchasable, but you have enough material
Fixed the description on some bounties to correctly read "<element> ability kills" instead of "<element> kills"
PC
General
Fixed an issue where performance on PC would slowly degrade over time


Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.2.0.2
Director Challenge Rewards
Players should now have higher-Powered rewards, through 690 Power, from daily and weekly Director challenges
Once reaching 690 Power, these rewards will continue to give minor Power increases (usually +1 Power compared to a player's average Power)
Quests and Bounties
Fixed an issue where players were unable to access the Allegiance quest if their Pursuits inventory was full
Decreased requirements to complete the weekly Collector bounty for Gambit Prime
This bounty should now align with requirements for other weekly bounties
Reckoning
Removed the Glass Modifier from Daily Reckoning Modifier rotation
This has been replaced with the Prism Modifier
Triumphs
Fixed an issue where the Dark Age Arsenal Triumph was not properly unlocking when players won Gambit matches with a full set of Gambit gear equipped
Fixed an issue where Glory Win Streak Triumphs from previous seasons were updating on wins in Season of the Drifter
Sandbox
Fixed an issue where players could cancel Blade Barrage Supers, propelling them to unintended playspaces
Misc
Players may now exchange stacks of five Gambit Synths at the Drifter for 100 Glimmer


Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.2.0.1
General

Fixed an issue where weekly bounties were resetting on Sundays instead of the weekly reset on Tuesdays
Fixed an issue where the Triumph "The Best Offense," which awards Oxygen SR3, wasn't counting the correct number of Orbs of Light generated in strike activities
Updated Season 6 information page to properly show Power Surge bounty requirements
Gambit

Fixed an issue where the pursuits for Malfeasance and Breakneck were not progressing as expected in Gambit and Gambit Prime
Fixed an issue where various Gambit quests and Bounties were not progressing properly
Fixed an issue where Gambit activities may mistakenly report that players' motes are lost when they defeat an enemy invader
Fixed an issue where the "Well Well Well" Medal in Gambit activities would not have a name when it appeared on screen
Removed Taken Hobgoblin Primeval from Gambit Prime to prevent an issue where early despawning would cause matches to not end correctly
Fixed an issue where Blockers were not spawning on Kell's Grave and Cathedral of Scars
Fixed an issue where Taken Ogres were spawning in the wrong location and getting stuck
Fixed an issue where the "Deceived Likeness of Nokris" boss was taking more damage than intended in Gambit Prime
Fixed an issue where the "Umbral Strike" perk on the Sentry set would sometimes not properly increase damage against Taken enemies
Reckoning

Weekly Gambit Prime bounty completions now unlock Helmet drops for all roles in lower Tiers of Reckoning
For example: Completing two Reaper weekly bounties will allow Helmets for Collector, Sentry and Invader to drop from Reckoning Tier 1 encounters
Completing three Reaper weekly bounties will allow Helmets for Collector, Sentry, and Invader to drop from Reckoning Tier 2 encounters
Tier 3 Helmets for all Roles still require a Weekly Gambit Prime bounty completion in Tier 3
Due to an error on our part, Prism will be absent from the Reckoning modifier rotation temporarily
We will be restoring Prism and removing Glass from the rotation in the next update
Sandbox

Fixed an issue where having One Thousand Voices in your loadout increased PvE damage for other weapons and abilities


Destiny 2 Update 2.2.0
Tower
The Tower Annex Landing Zone is now available to all players
The Drifter has relocated to the Annex in the Tower
Clans
Daily clan bounties have been removed
Once again, clan XP in Season 6 can be earned simply by completing activities
Clan weekly bounties have been renamed to "Hawthorne's Bounties" to differentiate them from the raid challenges that are also in Hawthorne's inventory
These Hawthorne Bounties are organized into 3 fixed categories: PvE, PvP, and raid
Raid challenge bounties will continue to be available on Hawthorne for the Last Wish and Scourge of the Past raids
Some new clan perks have been added for Season 6, and some old clan perks have returned
Level 2 Perk: Increased public event rewards
Level 3 Perk: Completing a weekly Hawthorne bounty awards mod components
Level 4 Perk: Completing a clan vendor challenge awards enhancement cores
Level 5 Perk: Increases the drop rate of Crucible and strike catalysts when playing with clanmates
Level 6 Perk: Unlocks an additional weekly bounty for Hawthorne
Sandbox
Weapons

Shotguns
Full Auto Trigger System rate-of-fire bonus reduced from 100% to 10%
Full Auto Trigger System no longer increases Shotgun pellet spread
All Shotguns received a damage multiplier in PvE, effectively doubling their damage (with the exception of Legend of Acrius)
Reserve ammunition for Shotguns has been reevaluated to compensate for the increased damage
Reduced base damage for Shotguns across the board to align with their new rates of fire on a per sub-archetype basis
Rate-of-fire values have been tuned
Aggressive Frame is now 55 RPM, up from 45 RPM
Precision Frame is now 65 RPM, up from 55 RPM
Lightweight Frame remains 80 RPM (tooltip erroneously stated 90 RPM previously)
Rapid-Fire Frame is 140 RPM (including intrinsic full auto), down from 200 RPM (they were previously 100 RPM, but due to the intrinsic full auto, actually had 200 RPM)
The Chaperone is now 70 RPM, up from 60 RPM
Tractor Cannon is 80 RPM (tooltip erroneously stated 84 RPM previously)
Legend of Acrius is now 55 RPM, up from 45 RPM
Submachine Guns
Base damage increased slightly
Precision damage decreased slightly
Machine Guns
Reduced the ammo bonus of Machine Gun Reserves perk by half
Damage reduced against boss and miniboss combatants by 21%
Trace Rifles
PvE damage increased by 30%
Grenade Launchers
PvE damage increased by 25%
Reserve ammo increased on most Grenade Launchers
In most cases, Grenade Launchers gained three rounds in reserves, but this amount may vary based on the perks you have (Field Prep, etc.)
KNOWN ISSUE: Starting ammo in PvE was reduced, this will be fixed in a future patch
Magazine perks and mods no longer affect ammo reserves
The Quick Access Sling mod can now be applied to any archetype; this change also allows it to be applied to the Mountaintop
NOTE: This change also fixes the Militia's Birthright being able to slot the Backup Mag mod; this mod did not actually increase the magazine size on this weapon and was not intended to be applied to breech loaded Grenade Launchers
Rocket Launchers
PvE damage increased by 60-65%
Cluster Bomb
Damage reduced by 80%
This lost damage was moved to the Rocket Launcher's main projectile
Linear Fusion Rifles
PvE damage increased by 10% (does not affect Sleeper Simulant)
Reduced aim assist
Removed aim assist bonus from Combat Sights scope
Fixed an issue where Queenbreaker had double the amount of aim assist
Two-Tailed Fox
PvE damage increased by 26%
One Thousand Voices
PvE damage increased by 25%
Wardcliff Coil
PvE damage increased by 115% against boss combatants and scaling up to 160% against weaker combatants
Black Talon
PvE projectile damage increased by 15%
Sleeper Simulant
Reduced ammo reserves (from max 13 to max 9 without armor perks or Masterwork)
Whisper of the Worm
Reduced ammo reserves (from max 20 to max 9 without armor perks)
Tyranny of Heaven
The Tyranny of Heaven Bow can now drop with randomized perks
General Weapon and Perk Fixes

Trinity Ghoul
Fixed an issue where Trinity Ghoul's Lightning Rod perk sometimes did not activate on precision kill
Fixed an issue where the Arc effects from the Split Electron perk on Trinity Ghoul could be seen floating in third person
Improved the resolution for the decals on Two-Tailed Fox's Cuddly Throwback ornament when seen in third person
Fixed an issue where the Last Word's Laconic ornament did not display properly in third person
Cleaned up the animation of rounds cycling in the magazine for the Dreaded Venture's Over and Done With ornament
Rapid Hit
Fixed an issue where Rapid Hit would activate twice on a Sniper Rifle precision kill
Fixed an issue where the timer for Rapid Hit x5 would not extend after another precision hit
Swords
Fixed an issue where Whirlwind Blade could not reach 5 stacks with certain perk combinations
Fixed an issue where Sword impact Masterwork damage was the same at tier 7 and tier 8
Fixed an issue where certain perk, mod, and Masterwork combinations would cause Sword perks to not function on Stryker's Sure-Hand
Bows
Fixed an issue where Le Monarque would not always apply poison at longer distances
Le Monarque is now correctly on the Energy tab in the Collections screen
High Tension String perk description updated to correctly reflect that it "greatly increases accuracy"
Jotunn's Charge Shot perk description updated with instructions for what to hold to charge up the shot
Fixed an issue where Dragonfly Spec was not functioning correctly under certain latency conditions
Fixed an issue impacting Izanagi's Burden scope where FX from abilities or invading in Gambit would block visibility while aiming
The Long Shadow
Fixed an issue where the ATD Raptor scope did not highlight enemies
This fix caused another issue where the ATB Long Range scope will highlight enemies as well; this will be fixed in a future update
Fixed an issue where the random perk warning was not displayed on the tooltips for the random roll versions of Crimil's Dagger and the Hero's Burden
Memento Mori
Fixed an issue where the Ace of Spades perk Memento Mori did not refresh when using the Hunter's Marksman Dodge ability
Fixed an issue where Memento Mori was cancelled prematurely if the player sprinted
Note: These fixes make it so that reloading Ace of Spades no longer wipes Memento Mori on reload, but you can still refresh Memento Mori when reloading after a kill
Breech-load Grenade Launchers now have their own icon in the kill feed and obituary to differentiate them from drum Grenade Launchers
Trench Barrel will now activate on close range Ball Lightning attacks that cause the biped to lunge
Abilities

Titan
Reduced Titan's max speed that can be achieved via use of macros on PC (aka reduced the effectiveness of "Titan Skate")
Tuned the amount of Super gained from Code of the Juggernaut so the Super could not be used indefinitely
This now has diminishing returns (100% -> 30% energy back over the course of 15 kills)
Warlock
Fixed an issue where the Handheld Supernova did not properly render while invading in Gambit
Armor

Year 2 armor will now drop with a random stat package
Heavy
Restorative
Mobile
One-Eyed Mask
Mark duration reduced from 15 seconds to 8 seconds
Health no longer restores automatically, but restores alongside overshield
Can no longer be triggered while in Super
Khepri's Horn
Increased class energy gain from Solar damage kills from 10% to 15% and reduced the cooldown from 2 to 1 second
Solar blast groundfollow now returns a second groundfollow back toward the player
Damage from groundfollow increased from 80 to 100
Damage from groundfollow is doubled in PvE
Vesper of Radius
Damage increased from 70 to 100
Damage is tripled in PvE
Sealed Ahamkara's Grasp
Now procs from smoke bomb damage
Ursa Furiosa
No longer counts self-damage to Void shield when calculating how much Super energy to give back
Anteaus Wards
Fixed an issue where improved slide was not consistently applying with Anteaus Wards
Accessories Fixes

Cloth will now correctly interact with "chopper" Sparrows (examples: Gray Hornet, Warrior's Steed)
Fixed an issue with Burnout Sparrow that would cause the Guardian's hands to not always grip the handlebars
A shader from the Curse of Osiris expansion formerly named "Metallic Sunrise" has been renamed to "Mercurian Sunrise." This was to resolve a duplicate name issue with a Forsaken shader, the name of which remains "Metallic Sunrise"
Fixed lens flare effects on several ship engines
Rewards
General

Power cap raised to 700
Powerful bounties may give only a maximum possible Power reward from the season in which they were acquired
Powerful bounties completed in Season of the Forge may only reach a maximum Power reward of 650
Iron Banner bounties from Season of the Forge have expired and been replaced
Ethereal Keys from the Last Wish raid now have a maximum stack size of 5
All keys above the stack limit of 5 have been removed
Destinations

Destination vendors no longer display a waypoint when holding enough materials for a reputation package
This was done as players now use destination materials for infusion
Crucible

Updated Valor and Glory emblems to track only the current season's rank accomplishments
Previous seasons accomplishments have been added as Triumphs; all seasonal rank accomplishments will be tracked as Triumphs from here on
Vendors

Shaxx
Reprise seeded roll weapon for players to earn via Valor rank
Players who acquired the original version will be able to earn this weapon with random rolls from engram decryption without earning the Valor rank.
New emblem for players to earn from Triumph Completion
Reprise shader for players to earn from Triumph Completion
Players who earned the original will not need to re-earn this shader
New pinnacle weapon quest 
Features Triumph completion step similar to Season 5's the Mountaintop quest
Drifter
New seeded roll weapon for players to earn via Infamy rank
New emblem for players to earn from Triumph Completion
New pinnacle weapon quest 
Features Triumph completion step similar to Season 5's the Mountaintop quest
Zavala
Reprise seeded roll weapon for players to earn from Triumph Completion
Players who acquired the original version will be able to earn this weapon with random rolls from engram decryption without completing the Triumph
New emblem for players to earn from Triumph Completion
Reprise shader for players to earn from Triumph Completion
Players who earned the original will not need to re-earn this shader
New pinnacle weapon quest 
Features Triumph completion step similar to Season 5's the Mountaintop quest
Xr
Has the possibility of selling Forsaken Exotics
Fated Engram does not have a chance for Forsaken Exotics; will be updated in a future patch
Black Armory

Lore items "The Black Armory Papers" are now guaranteed to drop upon successful completion of the Gofannon and Bergusia Forges
Fixed an issue where Black Armory Obsidian Accelerator items were not showing up at the postmaster if player inventory was full
Fixed an issue where Black Armory Obsidian Accelerator items were not stacking in player's inventory; max stack size is 5
Fixed an issue where the Black Armory Key Mold quest was account bound, allowing only a single character to acquire it from Ada-1
Fixed an issue where Dreaming City chests were not providing Glimmering Amethyst for the Black Armory Key Mold quest
Fixed a bug where Spider would present an empty Lock and Key dialogue to players who've already completed it and obtained Izanagi's Burden
Fixed an issue where the Black Armory Bow "The Spiteful Fang" was not awarding Black Armory Schematics when dismantled
Fixed an issue where Black Armory Rare weapon research frames were not counting toward Master Smith Triumph progression
Fixed an issue where the Black Armory Devotee bounty was not progressing when using reforged Black Armory weapons
Challenges

Fixed an issue where some daily challenges did not properly stagger, which resulted in players sometimes not having a fresh daily challenge at reset
Character Boosts

Fixed an issue where boosted characters were not getting their class-specific Swords correctly unlocked and available to pull from their Collection
Fixed an issue where boosted characters were not getting their class-specific emblems correctly unlocked and available to pull from their Collection
General

Fixed a bug where some players were in a bad state and blocked from obtaining Seeds of Light
Fixed a bug where player bipeds in the Tower would appear to stop loading gear ("Tron effect") if too many players had their Ghosts out
Fixed an issue where pulling shaders from the Collection took longer than intended; shaders will now take 1 second to reacquire
Updated the Sturm "Relics of the Golden Age" quest step; Exotic engrams that auto-decrypt now count toward this quest step
Collections / Triumphs

Fixed an issue where players who completed the Season 4 "Forged in Fire" badge collection were not getting the associated Triumph "Forged in Fire" unlocked
Fixed an issue where players who acquired the "Cold Wind Blowin'" Emblem from the Drifter during Season 4 couldn't reacquire the emblem from their Collection
Fixed an issue where "The Eternal Return" emblem wasn't tracking Shattered Throne completions
Fixed an issue with the requirements of the "Relic Rumble" Triumph Nightfall challenge to repair broken functionality
The new requirement is: "Complete Nightfall strike 'The Corrupted' by defeating Sedia using no more than two Relics."
Fixed an issue where the Dreaming City Triumph "Mint Condition" was not correctly unlocking for completing the Rift Generator public event with the relic never having dropped below 100%
Fixed an issue where the Exotic Ghost Star Map shell was not tracking chests in the Dreaming City
Fixed an issue where the "Senior Recruiter" Refer-a-Friend emblem was not correctly updating the number of referral completions
Fixed an issue where the Collection Badge counter was incorrectly listing the total number of badges available
Activities
Gambit

Activities hosted by the Drifter have been moved to their own sub-page on the Director called "Gambit"
Added Gambit Private matches for all Forsaken owners
Expect Gambit Prime Private matches on April 2, 2019
Overhauled how invader spawn points are chosen while also significantly increasing the number of invader spawn points for each map
Chances of spawning very near or in direct line of sight of an enemy Guardian has been greatly reduced
Changed the third round of Gambit to a Primeval rush sudden death; this will speed up Gambit matches overall and add a change of pace to the final round
The Primeval is immediately summoned
Player Supers/grenades/ability/melee are immediately filled, so both teams are on an even playing field
Super/grenade/ability/melee regen are increased for the remainder of the round
The Ascendant Primeval Servitor's (meatball) spawn rate is no longer tied to the curse cycle and has been greatly increased
Idle Protection: Players who remain dormant for too long will not receive end-of-match rewards or Infamy points
Made adjustments to Blocker types by deposit tier
Small Blocker = Taken Goblin with less health than the previous Phalanx
Medium Blocker = Taken Captain with more health than the previous Knight
Large Blocker = Taken Knight with more health than the previous Ogre
Gambit Matchmaking

Teams are now always broken up when re-entering the matchmaking pool after a match
Previously, when a match ended, players who did not return to orbit would be sent back to the matchmaking pool together; this is no longer the case
This will greatly reduce the likelihood of re-matching against the same players and will give matchmaking an opportunity to find the best possible match
Infamy

Players can now earn Infamy points by completing Gambit Prime matches and bounties
Increased the Infamy point rewards for Gambit matches by 25 points
Gambit HUD 

The HUD status bars now animate when returning from aim-down-sights
The Invader Portal Ready icon and animation on the status bar has been updated to be more pronounced and understandable at a glance
Triumphs and Medals

"Light vs. Light" can now be progressed by killing any Guardian (not just invaders) using a Super; this makes attaining Dredgen a less daunting task
The "First to Block" medal can now trigger once per round, previously it could fire only once per match
General Fixes

Fixed an issue where post-invasion kills during Primeval phase weren't giving the invader credit for healing the Primeval
Fixed an issue where VO lines indicating the high-value target was killed and that the high-value target got away will both play if the player kills the HVT just before it is removed from the arena
Fixed an issue where players would get the "Half Banked" medal every time they deposit Motes after they reached 38 Motes deposited
Fixed an issue where the "Taking Turns" medal fires when 3 different players invade instead of 4
Fixed an issue where a graphical error could be seen on a waterfall in Legion's Folly
Fixed an issue where occasionally Drifter would tell players back-to-back that the other team has summoned their Primeval
Fixed an issue where, in a longer match after killing the Primeval, the Drifter reminded us that we needed to spawn our Primeval to win
Fixed an issue where the bounty "Block and Key" did not increment when a Large Blocker was sent that would summon the Primeval
Updated security policy and functionality so players who have been banned from competitive activities cannot access Gambit playlist
Crucible

Fixed an issue where healing during Crucible matches was taking away from a player's overall damage on the PGCR screen
Last Wish

Smashed an issue where players would encounter frequent guitar errors
Eververse
Bright Engram

The season 5 Etched Bright Engram has been retired; in its place players can now obtain the new season 6 Notorious Bright Engram
Prismatic Matrix

The Prismatic Matrix has been retired; additional information may be found in This Week at Bungie2/28/2019 
UI/UX
General

Added a popup dialogue when opening bundles if you have a full inventory, noting that items will go to the postmaster if you proceed through the dialogue
Fixed an issue where Masterwork objective progress bars could display 100% when not yet completed
Fixed an issue where Legendary Masterwork items were not displayed as Masterworked when inspecting other players
Fixed an issue where Masterwork UI did not scale to fill ultra-wide monitors
Fixed an issue where the progress bar under Triumphs could sometimes show as complete when the Triumph was still in progress
Fixed an issue where transferring items using the Destiny app would consistently re-trigger Triumph notifications


Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.1.4.1
General:
Fixed an issue where players could not properly complete the Sniper Rifle or Bow Frames when advancing Black Armory quests


Destiny 2 Update 2.1.4
Sandbox
Super Tuning
Hunter: Gunslinger

Golden Gun Super
Increased damage to bosses by 40%
Includes Six-Shooter and Celestial Nighthawk


Golden Gun Six-Shooter
Base damage increased from 275 to 300 per shot
Kills now return a bullet to the Golden Gun's magazine


"Line 'Em Up" Perk
Doubled precision damage bonus per stack of the buff


"Practice Makes Perfect" Perk
Stack limit increased from 3 to 5
Super regen modifier increased by 20%


Blade Barrage Super
Impact damage decreased from 150 to 35
Explosion damage increased from 150 to 250
Now deals self-damage
Our goal for AoE supers of this type is that they incur self-damage when activated too close to a target. We consider Blade Barrage not causing self-damage a bug, which we are now addressing.
In other words, Hunters will know how Warlocks feel when they throw a Nova Bomb into a wall.
Fixed an issue in which Blade Barrage projectiles could track allies
Hunter: Nightstalker

Moebius Quiver
Tethered targets now have the full damage increase, rather than needing to be tethered by multiple Shadowshots
Additionally, the Shadowshot damage bonus to tethered targets was increased
Increased Moebius Quiver tether radius by 20%
Increased Moebius Quiver tether lifetime
Made it easier to fire successive Shadowshots
Developer Commentary: This is step one for Shadowshot, and we intend to keep improving the way it works. For this pass, we focused on Moebius Quiver quality of life. We plan to continue to make it more effective and globally relevant in the future.


Spectral Blades Super
Bonus damage resistance while in stealth decreased from 15% to 5%
While in Spectral Blades AND in stealth total damage resistance is 62%
Total Super duration while invisible decreased by 3.67 sec
Hunter: Arcstrider


Arc Staff Super
Heavy ranged and slam attack damage increased from 220 to 300
Heavy palm blast attack damage increased from 400 to 700


"Lethal Current" Perk
Bonus hit damage has been increased from 100 to 130


Raiden Flux (Exotic Armor)
Damage bonus decreased from 20% to 13.5%
This change keeps the bonus damage granted by this Exotic about the same. Because this is calculated on a scaler instead of a flat number, any big changes in base damage have a large effect on the Exotic.
Titan: Sunbreaker

Sunspots
Damage increased from 25 to 50 per tick


"Sun Warrior" Perk
Buff now increases ALL damage output from the Sunbreaker by 20% in PvP; 25% in PvE
Buff duration has been increased from 3 to 5 seconds


Burning Maul Super
Spin melee attack damage increased from 65 to 80 per hit
Slam detonation radius increased from 5 to 6 meters
Improved Slam attack projectile tracking
Titan: Sentinel

Sentinel Shield Super 
Final melee combo hit damage increased from 300 to 390
Damage to PvE combatants increased by 17%
Titan: Striker

Fist of Havoc Super
Heavy slam attack (R2/RT) base damage decreased from 325 to 275
Damage to base, elite, and miniboss combatants increased by 7%
Damage to bosses increased by 23%
Damage to vehicles increased by 60%


"Terminal Velocity" Perk
Changed the way that bonus damage from this perk is granted
Added a third threshold tier based on how long you are in the air before impact
Arc damage hits per tier increased from 3 to 4
Tier 1 = 4 hits
Tier 2 = 8 hits
Tier 3 = 12 hits
Increased damage per Arc hit from 100 to 112


Code of the Juggernaut
Fist of Havoc shoulder charge energy cost reduced by 83%
"Trample" Perk
Can now trigger the energy return every 0.5 sec, up from 1 sec
Warlock: Voidwalker

Cataclysm Nova Bomb
Initial detonation damage increased from 900 to 1500
Detonation radius increased from 8 to 10 meters
Seeker projectile detonation damage increased from 205 to 300
Improved seeker projectile turning radius and homing to make it more consistent to use against bosses/single targets
Fixed an issue where seeker projectiles could be prematurely detonated


Vortex Nova Bomb
Initial detonation damage increased from 900 to 1200
Linger volume damage increased from 10 to 23 per tick


Nova Warp Super
Slightly slowed movement while charging
Charging costs more energy
Initial charge cost (each time you trigger your super) increased by 60%
Sustained drain cost (holding) increased by 60%
Duration decreased by 6.8 seconds
Decreased Super damage resistance from 56% to 54%
Damage against Guardians decreased by 27%
Warlock: Dawnblade

Daybreak Super
Increased damage against minor, major, and miniboss combatants by 43%
Increased duration by 3 seconds
Warlock: Stormcaller

Stormtrance Super
Increased chain lightning maximum target count by 1
Weapons Tuning

Auto Rifles
Increased base damage on rapid fire by 9%
Increased base damage on high-impact Auto Rifles by 5%
Increased base damage on adaptive Auto Rifles by 6%


Scout Rifles
Increased base damage on lightweight Scout Rifles by 5%
Increased base damage on rapid-fire Scout Rifles by 6%
Increased all Scout Rifle PvE damage by 10%


Sniper Rifles
Increased base damage of rapid-fire Sniper Rifles by 8%
You can two-shot to the body to defeat other Guardians in PvP


Grenade Launchers
Tweaked Grenade Launcher projectiles to feel more consistent on direct hits
Proximity Grenades can no longer impact directly (prevents Special ammo Grenade Launchers from one-shotting with the perk active)
Increased ammo reserve size of Special ammo Grenade Launchers
Increased initial spawn ammo in PvE for Special ammo Grenade Launchers


Bows
Made the effect of draw time from bow string perks more noticeable (High Tension String, Flexible String, Elastic String, and Polymer String)
The accuracy stat from High Tension String was increased from 10 to 15 to better compensate for the slower draw time
KNOWN ISSUE: The tooltip for High Tension String was not updated to show the larger accuracy increase; this will be addressed in a future update


Legend of Acrius
Range increased by 0.5 m
PvE damage increased by 50%


Telesto
Reduced base damage of each bolt from by 19%
Increased optics stat from 15 to 20 to be comparable with other Fusion Rifles with scope perks
PvE damage increased by 30%


Trace Rifles
Trace Rifles now gain additional ammo when picking up Special ammo
Reduced damage output of Wavesplitter against Guardians
Reduced by 19% on medium-damage mode
Reduced by 27% on high-damage mode
Adjustments were made to keep the damage output the same in PvE activities
Exotic Armor

Tuned energy values on Shards of Galanor to accompany changes to the Blade Barrage Super
Reduced maximum energy return from 90% to 75% of the total Super
Now only returns energy on the knife impacts
Reduced energy return on Gwisin Vest from 10% to 7% of the total Super
Miscellaneous

Abilities
Fixed an issue where players could retain Super energy for Chaos Reach even when being suppressed mid-Super
Fixed an issue where players could equip Celestial Nighthawk mid-Super to partially benefit from "Hawkeye Hack" perk when using the Six-Shooter subclass


Weapons
Fixed an issue where the arrows the Spiteful Fang left lodged in targets did not match the arrows it fired
Fixed an issue where Anarchy's trap detonation was not dealing damage if the owner had died
Fixed an issue where the Auto-Loading Holster perk was not reloading the magazine in some circumstances
Fixed an issue where the muzzle blast and spent shell effects had become misaligned on the Suros Regime and its ornaments
Fixed an issue where the No Feelings Scout Rifle had incorrect stats when Masterworked
Fixed an issue where the Tempered Dynamo Fusion Rifle wasn't playing all of its charge-up audio on consoles
Crucible
Breakthrough

Fixed an issue where deploying the Breaker or hacking the Vault exactly as time expired could end the round in an incorrect state
Heavy Ammo Tuning

Competitive
Control
Initial timers stay the same
Increased respawn timer for Heavy ammo (was 45 seconds, now 120 seconds)
Clash
Initial timers stay the same
Increased respawn timer for Heavy ammo (was 45 seconds, now 120 seconds)
Survival
Initial timers stay the same
Increased respawn timer for Heavy ammo (was 45 seconds, now 60 seconds)


Rotators:
Showdown
Initial timers stay the same
Increased respawn timer for Heavy ammo (was 30 seconds, now 60 seconds)


Rumble:
Initial timers stay the same
Increased respawn timer for Heavy ammo (was 60 seconds, now 120 seconds)


Ammo Counts (All Modes)
Reduce Heavy crate ammo for Machine Guns
Redrix's Broadsword Quest:

Valor Rank Resets:
The Valor rank resets step will now look at previous seasons accomplishments as well. 
Five Valor resets are still required during a single season, but this is no longer restricted to the current season. Ex: If a player had five Valor resets in Season 4, this will now grant progress towards the quest.


Completion Inconsistencies
Fixed various issues where the quest was not progressing to the pickup step until a player re-entered orbit.
Crucible Ranks

Enhancement Cores
Fixed an issue that prevented Enhancement Cores from being awarded when reaching Legend in Valor and Glory ranks
Activities
Raids

Scourge of the Past
Fixed an issue where players could initiate damage phases for the boss encounter too early
Fixed an issue where the "Like a Diamond" Flawless Triumph was not being rewarded properly
Black Armory and Forges

Fixed an issue where players were not being properly credited when consuming keys for the Mysterious Box quest.
Players already affected by this issue will be awarded credit for the keys they've used the next time they log in.
It is still possible, on rare occasions, for players to use a key and not complete the objective. When this happens, returning to orbit should resolve this issue.
Forge emblems are now awarded from forge completions, rather than forge-specific bounty completions
Modulus Reports and Ballistics Logs will now go to the postmaster if lost; cap on Modulus Reports remains at 15 per account
When hunting for high-value targets on Nessus for the "Siviks's Delivery Note" quest step, all players who damage the enemy will be given credit toward the kill
Players can no longer purchase weapon frames if the Pursuits bucket is full
Black Armory lore drops have been increased to 20% (up from 10%), and successful forge completions are now required to earn the reward
Weapon Frame Updates:

Ballistics Logs no longer removed at reset
Ballistics Logs increased cap to five per character
Ritual Frame quests carried across reset now "refund" into purchased currency
"Gold" frames refunded into one Ballistics Log
"Silver" frames refunded into three Modulus Reports
Any instance of a "Radiant Matrix" removed on weekly reset
Players should stop experiencing frames "missing" from Ada's inventory on a week-to-week basis
Players may still only purchase up to two "Gold" frames per week
All Nessus Fallen Captain high-value targets around the Exodus Black will now spawn correctly
Public Events

Whispers on Io now occur more frequently
General
Fixed an issue where the Fastidious Miser Triumph was not properly unlocking for players
Fixed an issue there the Veterans of the Hunt emblem was using the wrong art
Fixed an issue where the Knife Flip emote did not properly loop
Eververse
Fixed an issue where the Summer's Altar and Jupiter Midnight Sparrows shared the same appearance
Fixed an issue where the "Visions of Iron Bundle" and the "Form Given Function Bundle" did not show the correct message if players did not own proper DLC entitlements for purchase
Satou and Rassmussen Ghost Projections now have the correct imagery


Destiny 2 Update 2.1.3
Activities
Fixed an issue where the final boss encounter of Scourge of the Past would not end properly.
Fixed animation error on Awoken Corsairs so that they no longer pretend to hold invisible rifles.
Fixed a rare bug in Scourge of the Past where players would not receive a Phase Radiance buff when meleeing a terminal.
Fixed an error on Brakion's weapon so that he can once again shoot at Guardians.
Players will now spawn insides the arena with the downed ship rather than reusing the previous phase's spawn points that placed them behind the spawned encounter barrier.
Crucible
Fixed an issue where Heavy Ammo was not spawning appropriately on Convergence
Items & Economy
Players under 600 Power may now receive higher-powered rewards when completing Director Challenges.
Fixed an issue where weapon frames would be removed from inventory in error when completing alternate forges.
Fixed an issue where players were not rewarded properly when completing a forge activity that was joined in progress.
Players may now access forge bounties before completing a forge activity.
Fixing an issue where players were not properly granted the Scourge of the Past Emblem or Triumph for completing the activity within the first 24 hours.
Fixed an issue where submachine guns awarded by research weapon frames were not dropping with the appropriate perks.
Completing and claiming the Dreaming City Triumph "Ascendant Paragon" will always properly grant the Secret Victories Emblem and its Transcendent variant. Players who already claimed this record will have the variant automatically unlocked on reaching orbit.
Removed Season 4 shader Crucible Solemnity as a requirement for the "Forged in Fire" Collections Badge.
Fixed an issue where players weren't properly being granted Harbinger's Echo if they destroyed eggs across multiple characters. For affected players, the Sparrow will appear in inventory and be unlocked in Collections upon reaching orbit.
Removed Annual Pass requirement for claiming the "Curator of the Black Armory" Triumph.
Misc
Fixed an issue where the "Envoy While it Lasts" bounty did not display properly for players using Spanish, Russian, or French languages.
Fixed an issue where Season of the Forge shaders were not dismantling quickly.
Sandbox
Pressing reload while charging a fusion rifle will initiate a reload. Previously, pressing reload while charging a fusion rifle did nothing.
Fixed an issue where SUROS Machine Guns (Avalanche) had more recoil than intended.


Destiny Update 2.1.2
Items and Economy
General

Prime engrams will now drop more frequently and with larger power bumps for players under 600 Power
Misc
General

Fixed an issue where players could not purchase the Annual Pass from the Director node


Destiny 2 Update 2.1.1.1
Sandbox
General

Chaos Reach
Tuned Chaos Reach's deactivation cost so that it consistently retains Super energy from deactivating early.
Previously, Chaos Reach allowed Players to save Super energy when deactivating the Super early by charging a flat Super energy cost upon deactivation (~65%). This meant that in order to save Super energy, you'd have to deactivate within the first second or so of the Super's duration.
With this change, Chaos Reach's deactivation will now always save you some Super energy. Deactivating the Super is no longer a flat energy cost but, rather, now works on a curve. The intention is to reward players for skillfully timing their deactivation.
Fixed an issue where the overshield granted upon respawning in Crucible would not negate damage right away
Increased damage required to destroy Nightstalker Tethers prior to their activation
Fixed an issue where the Biotic Enhancements buff would apply too much of a damage multiplier when standing in a Well of Radiance
Armor/Weapons

Fixed an issue where Scavenger perks could be used to generate heavy ammo off of team mates who fell to self-inflicted misadventure 
Fixed an issue where high impact scout rifles were not firing at 150 RPM
Fixed an issue where the impact stat bar for Fusion Rifles was not updating when upgrading a charge time masterwork for the weapon
Gwisin Vest
Fixed an issue where kills were not required to extend Super uptime
Fixed an issue where Super was not extended after 10 or more kills
Chromatic Fire
Fixed an issue where explosions were doing less damage than intended
Reduced the amount of ammo gained from the Machine Gun Scavenger perk to bring it in line with other Power weapon scavenger perks
Fixed an issue that caused the Black Armory weapons to sometimes roll two of the same perk 
Duplicate perks have been replaced in each weapon's talent grid
Crucible
General

Fixed an issue that caused The Mountaintop to drop above appropriate power levels for players who do not own Forsaken, making it unequipped unless pulled from collections
Fixed an issue that caused Valor Ranks to display different values from what their rank actually was
This is strictly a visual fix, ranks have worked properly since Season of the Forge began
Gambit
General

Fixed an issue where the wrong team would sometimes be credited for killing the Ascendant Servitor Primeval
Reduced the amount of ammo that Linear Fusion Rifles receive from the Power Ammo crate in Gambit to from 5 to 3 rounds
Sleeper Simulant still only receives 2 rounds
Players who die with fewer than 2 rounds of special ammo will now always respawn with 2 rounds, to help alleviate special ammo starvation
Fixed an issue where players would be held in a loading screen if another player was inspecting items in inventory
Vanguard
General

Fixed an issue where Protheon, the Modular Mind grew three times larger than intended in Update 2.1.0
This strike has been reintroduced to Matchmaking, and can be launched once again from the Director
Raids
Leviathan & Raid Lairs

Removed "Normal Mode Completion" requirement for launching Prestige Modes for Leviathan, Eater of Worlds, and Spire of Stars
Last Wish

Fixed an issue where Destiny 2 would crash during the Morgeth fight
Clans
General

Fixed an issue where the "Hawthorne's Heroes" Clan Perk was not providing the proper rewards
Items & Economy
Collections

The "Hecuba-S" exotic Sparrow no longer requires Annual Pass ownership to reacquire from Collections
The "Mimesis Drive" Sparrow now properly requires Annual Pass ownership to reacquire from Collections
Shader reacquisition time reduced from 3 seconds to 1 second
General

Prime Engrams will now appear more frequently for players under 550 power, and provide larger power benefits when decrypted
Fixed an issue where the "Harbinger's Echo" sparrow was locked out for players who destroyed dragon eggs across multiple characters.
We are currently developing a fix for an upcoming patch to address players who have already destroyed all eggs prior to this update. Update 2.1.3 is tentatively planned for December 18. 2018
Seed of Light added to the drop table of the Blind Well Heroic
The "Lest Ye Be Judged" Trophy/Achievement can be completed by visiting Xur
Fixed an issue where the "Riddle Me This" Triumph was not unlocking properly
Fixed an issue where Amanda Holliday had an improper notification waypoint
Fixed an issue where Festival of the Lost armor could not be masterworked
Fixed an issue where items could not be masterworked if players did not have Enhancement Cores in inventory, even if the masterwork cost did not require cores
Fixed an issue where Amanda Holliday's inventory did not refresh at the proper times
UI
General

When selecting an activity that supports checkpoints on the Director, players can now delete their current checkpoint before launching the activity
This includes Last Wish, Scourge of the Past, Leviathan, Eater of Worlds, and Spire of Stars
Fixed an issue where the Vanguard node on the top-level Director was not displaying active challenges


Destiny 2 Update 2.1.0
Sandbox
Supers

Chaos Reach
Fixed an issue in which having multiple Chaos Reach beams active at one time caused their visual effects to merge together
Fixed an issue to allow Chaos Reach beams to penetrate friendly Banner Shields
Fixed an issue in which Chaos Reach did not damage Taken Blights
Note: Changes to Chaos Reach Cancellation will come with Destiny 2 Update 2.1.1, scheduled for 12/4/2018

Nova Warp
Fixed an issue in which Nova Warp would sometimes fail to detonate on release.

Sentinel
Fixed an issue in which Sentinel Shields and Banner Shields would lose energy when guarding near friendly detonations (most notably Thundercrash)

Spectral Blades
Retuned the Spectral Blades Super to increase the reliability of melee attacks in PvP and to bolster the effectiveness of Super's stealth capabilities
More information here: This Week at Bungie - 11/08/2018
Burning Maul
Decreased camera shake and screen flash on hit in an attempt to alleviate feelings of motion sickness when using the Burning Maul Super

Thundercrash
Adjusted camera during flight sequence in an attempt to alleviate feelings of motion sickness when using Thundercrash Super
Exotic Armor

Fixed an issue in which Ophidian Aspect was not increasing the melee range on various Warlock charged melees (Igniting Touch, Ball Lightning, Entropic Pull, Devour, and Atomic Breach)
Fixed an issue in which buffs granted by Lunafaction Boots would last for only 15 seconds inside Well of Radiance rather than the entire duration
Fixed an issue on Ursa Furiosa so that Super gain from guarding is more consistent between PvE and PvP
Weapons

Warden's Law
Replaced perks on Warden's Law that did not function properly with the weapon's archetype
Triple Tap replaced with Feeding Frenzy
Fourth Time's the Charm replaced with Zen Moment
Warden's Law now has bullet contrails
Updated the intrinsic perk text on Warden's Law to distinguish it from Aggressive Burst Sidearms

High-Impact Scout Rifles
High-Impact Scout Rifle damage increased by 1.87%
Dev commentary: Previously it was possible to, at VERY high resilience levels, survive three headshots from a high impact scout rifle. This change will ensure that players at any resilience level will be defeated by three headshots.
Note: A fix that will return High-Impact Scout Rifles to 150 RPM is planned for Destiny 2 Update 2.1.1, scheduled for 12/4/2018

Shotguns
Rapid-Fire Frame on Shotguns now increases the reload of all Shotgun shells when empty instead of just the first shell
Trench Barrel
Trench Barrel perk now deactivates after three shots
Trench Barrel description updated to reflect new behavior and also fix an error where it called out increased accuracy instead of increase reload speed

Submachine Guns
Slightly increased range on Submachine Guns

Machine Guns
Slightly increased accuracy on Machine Guns
Exotic Weapons

Prometheus Lens
Prometheus Lens damage increased by 10%

Hard Light
Fixed an issue where Hard Light could overpenetrate an enemy Banner Shield"

Ace of Spades
Memento Mori reduced to five bullets, but can now be refreshed on reload without having to get rid of all the bonus damage bullets
General

Fixed mantle animation for the Queenbreaker
Fixed an issue where some particle effects were appearing in first-person view when using One Thousand Voices
Fixed an issue where Bows would sometimes become invisible when equipped
Polished the Blade Barrage animation for when the player is holding a Bow
Buffed out a missed spot on the Refer-a-Friend Borealis ornament
Fixed an issue that would delay the nocking of an arrow when the player picked up ammo while the Bow was both stowed and out of ammo
Fixed an issue where the Headseeker perk would no longer function after being activated numerous times without dying
Fixed an issue where the Ikelos Hand Cannon and Shotgun where displaying icons for Malfeasance and Chaperone in the obituary
Polished Grenade Launcher strafing animations to remove up and down reticle veering 
Polished Grenade Launcher animations while jumping to prevent stocks from blocking the first-person camera
Polished Sniper Rifle and Machine Gun animations while jumping to prevent stocks from blocking the first-person camera
Fixed an animation issue that would occur when firing and walking with a Machine Gun
Polished Tractor Cannon's sprint animation to feel more natural
Fixed an issue where Swords dropped with mods intended for Rocket Launchers, and Rocket Launchers dropped with mods intended for Swords
Rapid Hit now displays a status effect buff on activation
Known issue: Sniper Rifle precision kills will stack the perk twice; this will be fixed in a later patch
Updated Oathkeeper's Exotic perk to remove text for Bow charge speed
Tireless Blade perk description updated to match actual behavior where ammo is returned on every other powered Sword kill
Fixed an issue where the Momentum Transfer perk was not functioning properly
Crucible
Modes

Mayhem will return as a 6v6 rotating playlist with scoring support for new Forsaken Supers
Lockdown and Showdown will return as rotating playlists and have been added to Private Matches
Scorched and Team Scorched have been added to Private Matches
New Shaxx lines, spread between Rumble, Lockdown, Showdown, and a few special medals
Single round modes (Clash, Control, etc.) now end with a "Match Complete" countdown similar to those displayed at round complete in round-based modes
Added new Crucible medals and associated Triumphs for Forsaken Supers, the Machine Gun weapon archetype, and the Lockdown game mode
Added two new gold-tier medalshappy hunting!
Fixed an issue where "The Cycle" medal was not being tracked properly
Iron Banner now awards unique Iron Banner-themed medals with unique audio cues
Iron Banner uses new unique Match Complete banners
Ranks

Valor and Glory are now subdivided into three sub-ranks similar to Gambit
Valor and Glory have NOT subdivided the Legend rank
Valor does NOT require players to win at Legend
Shaxx

Shaxx has a new rotation of items available for direct purchase.
Players must earn Valor to collect these items
A new set of Seasonal Items has been added to Shaxx's inventory
Previous seasons' exclusive items have been removed
A new pinnacle weapon quest has been added to Shaxx's inventory
To allow players to make progress on any character, each step features account-wide objectives
This quest requires two types of objectives to be completed: Reach a specific Rank and complete a specific Triumph; players can complete these objectives in any order
Previous pinnacle weapon quests continue to be available on Shaxx
Gambit 
Ranks

Adjusted Infamy rank rewards to better match Valor and Glory. Subdivision rank ups will now always award Gambit Legendary gear

Bounties and Quests

Infamy Rank Point rewards from all Gambit bounties have been doubled
Many bounties have had their objectives retuned to take less time and be easier to complete
Added a new daily bounty for killing Primeval envoys, and slotted it into the daily rotation
Fixed an issue where the Malfeasance quest could be progressed in Crucible modes
NOTE: Once S5 begins and Infamy is reset, you must play one Gambit match before redeeming any bounties. Players who turn in these bounties after Season of the Forge begins, but before playing a Gambit match, will not correctly receive points to their Infamy rank from these bounties.

Primeval Mechanics

Catch-up mechanics have been adjusted to ensure that the leading team retains more of an advantage
The trailing team will now receive a maximum of only one bonus stack of the Primeval Slayer buff (previously, they received up to three stacks depending on how far behind the trailing team was)
The time before the bonus stack kicks in has been increased to 32 seconds, up from 22 seconds
Primevals will hard ping less often, to reduce stunlock against highly coordinated teams

Matchmaking

Further addressing error codes that could occur during matchmaking, leading to potential quitter penalties
Clans
General

Last Wish raid bounties are now available to anyone who has access to the Last Wish raid.
Does not require Clan Rank 4
A new season of progression is available, with new perks to pursue
Fixed an issue where Weekly Raid Challenge Bounties were only available for 24 hours after reset
Items and Economy
General

Fixed an issue where the "Rainmaker" consumable didn't provide showers of Glimmer from defeated enemies
Fixed an issue where Public Defender Ghost perk wasn't properly applying to public events on Mars, the Tangled Shore, or the Dreaming City
Fixed an issue where Nightfall unique rewards were not dropping at the rate intended for non-Forsaken owners
Fixed an issue where not picking up Prime Engrams could allow players to earn more than the Prime Attunement buff allows for, putting them in a deficit of further Prime Engrams for a time corresponding to the number of extra Prime Engrams received

Triumphs

Fixed an issue where the title of Triumph "Steadfast" was "Meet Sloane on the moon Titan" (you must still meet Sloane on the moon Titan)

Collections

Added missing Year 2 gunsmith weapons to Collections (not purchasable due to random rolls)
Fixed an issue where the BrayTech RWP Mk. II Scout Rifle was not counting towards Collections for some players
Unearned Season 4 gear is now hidden
PC
Controls

Added new "Take Screenshot" keybind (defaults to the "Print Screen" key)
Text Chat

Added new friend management commands
/addfriend
/removefriend
Added new fireteam management commands
/invite
/join
Note: The fireteam commands can target any player by providing the player's full BattleTag, allowing players to assemble fireteams without sending friend requests.

UI
General

Adjusted item tooltips to fix an issue where perks or other information was cut off on the Character Screen
Fixed an issue where the rank-up banner for Crucible and Gambit was not being appropriately displayed on 21:9 resolutions
Fixed an issue where players were unable to return to orbit while the Results Screen was up at the end of an activity
Localization

Traditional Chinese
Fixed an issue where some parts of the Traditional Chinese UI was not loading properly in-game
Misc
Performance

Improved activity and destination load times on consoles
Note: We are actively investigating load times for loading the player inventory screen, switching between UI tabs starting up the game, signing on, and selecting characters. See This Week at Bungie - 11/08/2018 for more details.
HDR

Fixed an issue where brightness was not adjusting properly for players
General

Fixed an issue with missing Transmat FX on Amanda's exchange
Fixed an issue with erroneous source strings on multiple Dawning and Crimson Days items
Fixed an issue that caused several shaders to be unavailable for bulk exchange at Rahool
Fixed an issue where some UI elements would not load properly if interacting with a vendor and launching into character inventory
Fixed an issue where the Fortunate Projection was causing visual effects issues in third person
Fixed an issue in which the IGR version of the "High and Mighty" bounty did not count wanted escapee kills
Fixed an issue in which the IGR version of the "I'm Not Sorry, I'm Lost" bounty required too many points for completion
Fixed an issue in which the IGR version of the "Through the Crucible" bounty required too few points for completion
Fixed an issue that caused high amounts of Baboon errors in the Tower


Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.0.5.1
General
Fixed an issue where some players were unable to access The Lost Cryptarch quest


Destiny 2 Update 2.0.5
Sandbox
Weapons

Malfeasance
Increased Explosive Shadow detonation damage
Increased damage against Taken and invaders
Wish-Ender
Increased base Wish-Ender damage
Fixed an issue where Wish-Ender's Broadhead perk would not activate properly, which would result in a loss of damage
Wish-Ender's Queen's Wrath perk effects are now more readable and consistent
Trace Rifles
Now spawn with 50 ammo in the Crucible
Now benefit from the following armor perks:
Auto Rifle Loader
Unflinching Auto Rifle Aim
Auto Rifle Targeting
Precision Weapon Targeting
Auto Rifle Dexterity
Increased Sword damage in PvE
Increased Fusion Rifle damage in PvE
Proximity Grenades now have a stat penalty to blast radius
Reduced the amount by which Full Choke narrows projectile spread
Changed the Dynamo and Distribution perks
Players will need to activate their class ability in proximity to at least one enemy to gain the benefit
Increased the energy gain by 20% to compensate slightly for the new requirement
Fixed an issue where Dynamo's effect was not scaling based on the player's class type; the Distribution perk had this, but it was unintentionally left out of Dynamo
General

Increased visibility through a Titan's Banner Shield for allies
The White Nail perk should no longer occasionally activate before the player achieves the required number of precision hits
Fixed an issue where the SUROS Regime scope was opaque yellow
Fixed an issue where Polaris Lance's The Perfect Fifth perk was not triggering
Combatants
General

Fixed an issue where Vex Cyclopes weren't attacking players
Fixed an issue where Hive Knights and Taken Vandals were not using special abilities
Activities
Crucible

Breakthrough
Decreased attacker respawn time from 7 seconds to 5 seconds after the Breaker is deployed
Modified the game rules to prevent teams from forcing the round into a stalemate:
In the initial fight over the Breaker, the team with the most capture progress (high-water mark) will win the Breaker if time runs out without any Breaker progress present. There will still be overtime if time runs out with progress present, and the Breaker will go to the team with current progress at the end of 30 seconds, or to the high-water mark if progress reaches zero with no players on the Breaker.
While a team is hacking the other team's Vault, progress decay accelerates gradually during Sudden Death for up to 30 seconds, after which the round will end the moment no attackers are present in the capture zone.
If the round ends in a draw twice, the match ends in a tie.
Neither team will get Glory points from this scenario.
Win Streaks are maintained.
Gambit

Sleeper Simulant now gains less ammo from Heavy ammo crates on the wall in Gambit (now 2, down from 4)
Swords now gain more ammo from Heavy ammo crates on the wall in Gambit (now 12, up from 6)
Fixed an issue where sometimes one team's invasion portal would not open
Fixed an issue where sometimes the wrong team would be credited for defeating the Ascendant Primeval
Increased the spawn rate of the Ascendant Primeval Servitor
The Gambit ship and Sparrow are no longer guaranteed drops
Quitter protection
Fixed an issue where matchmaking would sometimes result in players being kicked from Gambit matches, thus triggering quitter penalties
Quitter penalties have been reenabled
Players will now receive two warnings before they are suspended from Gambit
Players will not be immediately suspended on the first match of the day if they quit a match the night before
Increased suspension time to 30 minutes

General
Fixed an issue where players could play the strike "The Corrupted" with a six-player fireteam
Items and Economy
Exotic Duplicate Weighting

When a player receives an Exotic, we now take into account all Exotics the player has found and weight them against Exotics they have yet to acquire. This lowers the player's chances of receiving Exotics they already own.
Exotics that the player does not yet own are individually weighted much higher than duplicate Exotics
When receiving duplicate Exotics, the player is more likely to earn armor pieces as these have randomly rolled perks
Removed quest Exotic weapons from the Exotic engram loot pool
Worldline Zero
Ace of Spades
Wish-Ender
One Thousand Voices
Malfeasance
Lord of Wolves
The Chaperone
Enhancement Cores

Renamed Masterwork Cores to Enhancement Cores
Enhancement Cores are now awarded by Scrapper bounties and six of the Spider's weekly bounties
Enhancement Cores will be more visible in the loot feed
General

Banshee-44 now accepts up to 25 Gunsmith Materials at a time
Removed hold time for the Spider's material exchange interactions
Increased the stack size of Ghost Fragments from 10 to 20
Reduced shader dismantle time from 1 second to 0.25 seconds
Fixed an issue where the Secret Victories emblem was using the wrong tracker description
It now correctly displays as "Ascendant chests looted"
The requirements for the Queen's Bounty "Purification Ritual" have been clarified and now list the target as "Abyssal Champions" instead of "Swordbearing Knights"
Raid challenge bounties now rotate in a fixed, round-robin fashion
Nightfall unique rewards will drop more consistently; the longer players go without a unique drop, the higher their chances of a unique reward on their next Nightfall completion
The chance resets once a player receives any Nightfall unique reward
PC
General
Text chat auto-fade can now be toggled on or off in the Gameplay settings menu; when turned off, text chat will never automatically fade out, even after a period of inactivity



Destiny 2 Update 2.0.4
Sandbox
Abilities

Titan
Now Throwing Hammers can be picked only if your own Throwing Hammer ability is not fully charged
Fixed an issue in which Burning Maul's slam attack was unintentionally triggering melee-based perks
Banner Shield can no longer be overpenetrated by weapons with perks such as Armor-Piercing Rounds
Resupply can now also benefit allies behind obstacles
Hunter
Fixed an issue in which Kill Clip would not trigger if players reloaded their weapon using Marksman's Dodge while having the Dragon's Shadow Exotic chest armor equipped
Warlock
Fixed an issue where Healing Rift and Well of Radiance could prevent weapon perks such as White Nail and Magnificent Howl from working properly
Note: This introduced a bug where White Nail may occasionally activate after 2 hits. This will be addressed in a future update.
Fixed an issue where Handheld Supernova could deal damage to allies
Fixed an issue where Handheld Supernova kills would sometime appear as "Killed by the Architects" in the obituary and where the ability was inconsistent in triggering the Dark Matter perk
Players will no longer perform the Atomic Breach melee ability when using the heavy attack of the Escalation Protocol Sword
Fixed an issue in which using the Phoenix Protocol Exotic chest with Well of Radiance could result in weapons not rendering
Casting Chaos Reach with your back up against a wall will no longer block the beam
Fixed an issue in which Chaos Reach was dealing less damage at lower framerates; as a result, players may now notice an increase in total damage output
Armor

Lucky Pants will no longer reload Hand Cannons that are not stowed
Fixed an issue where ammo scavenger perks would give certain weapons less ammo than intended
Prodigal Grasps and Dragonfly Regalia Grasps will no longer block the player's view when they are using a Bow
Weapons

Increased Scout Rifle damage against combatants
Repositioned the scope on the Fighting Lion's Lupus Visage ornament for better visibility while players are aiming down sights
Decreased Fighting Lion damage to be brought in line with other breach-load Grenade Launchers 
Reduced aim assist on Sleeper Simulant
Buffed aim assist on Linear Fusion Rifles (not including Sleeper Simulant)
Fixed an issue where Dynamic Sway Reduction and Zen Moment perks would not function properly when combined with Lunafaction Boots or Rally Barricade
Fixed an issue where the Taken Spec mod description was displayed twice in weapon tooltips
Fixed an issue where the Between Breaths ornament for Whisper of the Worm would not display properly
The charge bar on compound Bows now fills in two stages to directly reflect the two stages of the drawing animation
Fixed an issue where visual effects on some weapons were sometimes still visible next to a character using Super abilities
Fixed an issue where being shot by an allied Guardian's Telesto could result in a crash
Fixed an issue where One Thousand Voices would sometimes speak at the volume of One Hundred Thousand Voices
Fixed an issue where Bows were not equipped properly when characters were sprinting
Fixed an issue where the Badlander Shotgun was missing reload audio
Updated the ATC Rex Hkke scope to align with other weapon scopes
Fixed an issue where parts of Borealis did not display the correct element
Fixed excessive perk activation audio for Redrix's Broadsword when players activated the Desperado perk
Fixed excessive perk audio for Trinity Ghoul's Lightning Rod perk when the weapon is stowed
Updated the draw animation on Trinity Ghoul
Updated the description of Ionic Return on Borealis to more accurately reflect its bonus damage behavior
Gambit
General

Fixed an issue where Gambit clan engrams were not functioning properly
Fixed an issue where shield walls would not spawn at the beginning of a match
Fixed an issue where matchmaking for Gambit would sometimes take longer than intended, sometimes resulting in players being removed from the match
Gambit Quitter Penalties have been reenabled
Fixed an issue where the invasion portal would sometimes not open throughout the match
Crucible
Iron Banner

Fixed an issue where Iron Engram displayed a higher Power level than intended
Fixed an issue where Iron Banner token rewards from matches were doubled
All Iron Banner bounties will now reward powerful gear
Iron Banner bounty requirements have been reduced:
Lightbearer: Super kills reduced to 20 from 25
Iron in the Blood: Match completions reduced to 15 from 30
Shine On: Orbs generated reduced to 50 from 100
Iron Victory: Match wins reduced to 7 from 10
To Be Precise: Precision kills reduced to 50 from 100
All in a Week's Work: Kills reduced to 150 from 250
General

Fixed an issue where the kill feed would no longer display under certain circumstances
Capture Zone waypoints no longer pulse when progress state changes or when in a Power Play in Iron Banner
Fixed an issue that prevented audio cues from playing when players are revived in Countdown
Medals

In Breakthrough, fixed an issue where the "Quick Strike" medal could be awarded for a short time after deploying the Breaker
Fixed an issue where the Survival medal "Lone Gun" was firing for all players when winning a round
Corrected an issue where the new "Perimeter Control" medal in Control did not properly replace the deprecated "I Live Here Now" medal
Quests

Updated quest step "The Candidate" in "Forging the Broadsword" to new requirements: "In the Crucible, rapidly defeat opponents in groups of two or more."
This step will now track individual players defeated in a multikill instead of counting only "Double Play" medals 
Before, "Triple Play" rewarded +1 progress for 1 Double Play. Now, "Triple Play" will award +2 progress for "Double Play" and +1 for "Triple Play."
Items and Economy
General

Fixed an issue where powerful gear could sometimes drop at the same Power level as a character or below
Raised the low end of powerful gear, which slightly increases the average Power upgrade per powerful drop
Edge Transit has some company; added Through Fire and Flood, Zenobia D, and Crooked Fang-4fr to world Legendary pool
Fixed an issue where Prime Engrams were going straight to the postmaster at the end of Crucible matches; they will now show alongside other end-of-match rewards
Fixed an issue where the Cataloguer emblem was repeatedly sent to postmaster for some players
Fixed an issue where Offering to the Oracle was not being properly consumed on use for some players
Fixed an issue where the Last Wish Ghost and Sparrow were not dropping at the intended drop rates
Fixed an issue where some weapons did not dismantle into the proper materials
Triumphs

Removed "Trace Rifle Mastery" Crucible Triumph for players on all platforms
Added Triumphs for completing Exotic badges in Collections
"Trusted Right Hand" Triumph is now possible to complete
It no longer requires more weekly bounties than are available in a week
Triumphs to find all Ascendant chests in the Dreaming City no longer lose progress on the weekly reset if players have completed, but not yet claimed them
Collections

Transmat effects added to Collections, under the Flair category
Transmat effects gained (inventory or postmaster), used, or dismantled after September 4, 2018 will be unlocked in Collections
Transmat effects are unlocked when added to player inventory, NOT when gaining ships that have them pre-socketed
Added event Ghosts to Collections
Added Forsaken emblem variants to Collections
Added missing emblems to Collections
Source updated for the Grenade Launcher Through Fire and Flood: Obtained through Legendary drops and rank-up packages
Bounties

Fixed an issue where bounties could expire in a players Post Master and cause WEASEL errors
Fixed an issue where Korean IGR bounties did not have an Abandon option
Added a recovery state for players who abandoned IGR bounties to acquire a weekly rotating IGR bounty for 250 Glimmer
This recovery state persists until the next weekly reset
Fixed an issue where the Eververse Bounty "Rise to the Challenge" did not have an Abandon option
Players who Abandon "Rise to the Challenge" will be able to recover it from Eververse for 250 Glimmer until the weekly reset.
General

Fixed an issue where boosted players could not receive Destiny 2 achievements for the boosted class
Players will now receive the achievement when unlocking the first node of a new subclass
Fixed an issue where players could not receive credit for the Destiny 2 achievement for completing the weekly Flashpoint
Sturm quest will now increment when picking up Legendary and Exotic engrams
Pinnacle wanted bounties from Spider will now complete for all members of the fireteam
Bakken, the Relentless can now be summoned in the Divalian Mists
Fixed an issue where the Blind Well could become locked if multiple players tried to activate it at once
Heroic completion on the Rift Generator public event now consistently grants the appropriate rewards and properly counts toward Heroic public event completions
Fixed an issue where some players were unable to access the Strike playlist
Fixed an issue where enemies would not spawn during Kalli, the Corrupted raid encounter


Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.0.3.1
Heroic Adventures
Fixed an issue where Barons were providing Legendary rewards outside of Heroic adventures
Barons in Heroic adventures now reward one guaranteed Legendary per day
Subsequent kills grant Legendary rewards at a reduced rate
Weapons/Items
Fixed an issue where players can get stuck with the Origin Story or the Last Dance weapons if they use the character level boost after obtaining them in Homecoming
Fixed an issue where BrayTech Legendary Scout Rifle dismantled into Mod Components
Dreaming City
The Offering to the Oracle now sorts to the Pursuits bucket, rather than Consumables
Removed the weekly bounty that required players to redeem an Offering for the Oracle
The Dreaming City weekly challenge now requires only two weekly bounty completions
Fixed an issue where some enemies would improperly spawn chests after being killed
Players can no longer obtain Dreaming City rewards when repeating the mission "Awakening" 
Fixed an issue where Telesto could be used to accelerate progression of objectives in the Blind Well
Gambit
Players may now progress the "Cayde's Will" quest step by defeating either invaders or general enemies with Hand Cannons 
Turned off rejoin functionality in Gambit


Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.0.3
Sandbox
Armor

Dragonfly Regalia armor now comes with a Masterwork socket
Weapons

Fixed an issue where Hand Cannons were not using the correct recoil stats for players on PC
Heavy Guard and Swordmaster's Guard now function correctly on Adaptive Swords
Activities
PvE

Io
Fixed an issue where players could be returned to orbit during the final battle of "The Long Play"
Fixed an issue where players would sometimes not receive a Seed of Light after interacting with the tree at the end of the mission "Visions of Light"
Strikes
Fixed an issue where the post-game carnage report would not show at the end of strikes launched via strike-specific Director nodes
Triumphs
General

Temporarily removed the "Trace Rifle Mastery" Triumph for platforms where players could not complete all objectives
This Triumph will be changed in a future release to be available on all platforms
Changed the Persistent Blaze emblem variant to require 40 Mastery Triumphs
Crucible
General

Activity reconnection has been enabled in the Competitive playlist
Players who are disconnected from Destiny 2 servers will have an opportunity to reconnect to their match under the following conditions:
The match is still active
A connection to the match can be reestablished
Players who rejoin matches will NOT be penalized for quitting a match should a rejoin complete successfully
UI

The player state display now appears in Competitive versions of Control and Clash.
Gambit
General

Activity reconnection has been disabled in the Gambit playlist to allow for faster backfilling of lopsided teams
Items & Economy
General

Fixed an issue where the Traveler's Chosen Sidearm could not be dismantled or transferred to the vault
Fixed an issue where BrayTech RWP Mk. II was granting weapon mods when dismantled
Fixed an issue where Fossilized Hermaion Blossoms were not being granted from strikes
Collections 

Replaced the Traveler's Chosen Sidearm with damaged version
Removed the Iris Pulsator Ghost Shell from Collections, as it is not currently available
Dreaming City

The bounty "Audience with the Queen" now takes time to abandon, so it cannot be abandoned accidentally
The Offering to the Oracle item now goes to the Postmaster if the player's consumables inventory is full
Clans

Daily clan bounties should now rotate at the daily reset, rather than weekly


Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.0.2.1
General
Fixed an issue where some Weekly Challenges were not resetting properly
Players who were impacted by this issue should now have their missing Challenges
Fixed an issue where players could earn Masterwork Cores at no cost through the Drifter
Fixed an issue where the reward for completing all available Crucible weapon triumphs was not properly available to all platforms


Destiny 2 Hotfix 2.0.2
Sandbox
General

Fixed an issue where Antaeus Wards were sometimes generating orbs when used by Sentinels
Fixed an issue where Shards of Galanor were not giving energy back when knives hit from a long distance
Fixed an issue where players were able to create 10 Deadfall Void Anchors using Orpheus Rigs and Moebius Quiver 
Armor

Fixed an issue where the Cloak of Remembrance would not interact properly with other objects
Exotic Weapons

Lord of Wolves
Fixed an issue where Lord of Wolves could lose ammo
Ace of Spades
Fixed an issue where visual effects from the Memento Mori perk would persist when swapping weapons
Weapons

Fixed an issue where the Explosive Payload perk was dealing less damage than intended
Abilities

Titan
Fixed an issue where Thundercrash was missing some visual effects
Fixed an issue where walking into the Dawnblade Well of Radiance while blocking with the Sentinel Shield would drain Super energy
Fixed an issue where Sentinel Super kills would not progress the Code of the Commander subclass path
Reduced amount of health, melee energy, and grenade energy returned when using the Sentinel Commander subclass path
Warlock
Fixed an issue where Phoenix Dive would grant alternate amounts of health due at different frame rates on PC
Hunter
Fixed an issue where Exploding Knives would deal less damage due at different frame rates on PC
Items and Economy
Character Boost

Fixed an issue where boosted characters were not unlocking the Curse of Osiris or Warmind campaign triumphs
Bounties

Fixed an issue where bounties were not being sorted properly in the Pursuits section of character inventory
Fixed an issue where Lost Sector bounties were not progressing properly when in a fireteam
Fixed an issue where the "Fist of Judgement" bounty had an incorrect objective
The wanted bounty for Irxis Partisan now shows the correct mug shot
Triumphs

Fixed an issue where the "Relic Rumble" Triumph was not progressing properly
Fixed an issue where "The Best Defense" Triumph was unlocking prior to completing the proper objective
Removed a duplicate checkbox in the Mercury "Lost Sectors" Triumph
Fixed an issue where Baron Triumphs would not unlock for players who joined an activity in progress
Fixed an issue where the "Adventurous" triumph for Io was not granting proper Triumph score
Activities
Escalation Protocol

Fixed an issue that sometimes caused players to revert to wave 1 after failing a wave and restarting it
Players may now restart at wave 6 after completing wave 7
Option available for 60 seconds after wave 7 completion
Technical
PC

Fixed an issue with Toggle ADS where players would not auto-cancel out of ADS when expected
IGR Bounties

Fixed an issue where players in IGRs in the Korea region could no longer earn IGR bounties


Destiny 2 Update 2.0.0.1
The Season of the Outlaw has begun.
Player Character
General

Raised character level cap to 50 for Forsaken owners
Sandbox
General

Year 1 Sony exclusive Exotic and legendary rewards are now available for all platforms
Exotic Weapons

Riskrunner
Increased inventory size
Whisper of the Worm
Replaced Armor Piercing Rounds with Accurized Rounds to prevent accidental perk failures for White Nail
Weapons

Year 2 weapons now provide random perks when acquired
Year 2 Masterwork weapons have revamped system
Allows players to reach +10 bonus stats
Year 2 mods are now available
Can be acquired by dismantling Year 2 weapons
Can be purchased from the Gunsmith
Year 1 weapons no longer accept modifications
Perks

Increased the blast radius penalty for Concussion and Blinding Grenades from single shot grenade launchers
Abilities

Hunters
Golden Gun
Increased Golden Gun damage against base and elite enemies
Titan
Magnetic Grenades
Grenades should now detonate a second time even if the initial detonation kills the target
Activities
Strikes

The Vanguard Strike Playlist is now available
Nightfall strike scoring has been re-enabled
Base-level strikes are available through destinations
Year 1 Sony exclusive strikes are now available to all platforms
Exodus Crash

Analyzing the Fallen device in Prodromus Down
The objective progress rate increases based on number of Guardians standing near Ghost
Thaviks encounter
Decreased thaviks's teleport frequency
Was three long teleports and six quick teleports
Now two long teleports and three quick teleports
Increased Thaviks's quick-teleport speed increased
Reduced enemy waves to match teleport frequency
Added additional enemies per wave
Damage to Thaviks is preserved when Thaviks switches weapons
Daily Heroic Story Missions

Daily Heroic story missions now available
Crucible
General

Fixed an issue that sometimes triggered the Quitter Penalty after completed Competitive Crucible matches
Starting in Season 4, Iron Banner will be updated to enable Power level advantages, beginning on September 18
Removed Mayhem temporarily from the weekly featured playlist until a future update
Trials of the Nine is now on hiatus
Trials of the Nine reputation tokens cannot be redeemed until the activity returns
Maps

Retribution and Wormhaven are now available on all platforms
Retribution has been reworked and enlarged to support 6v6 matches
Rumble

Earning a place in the Top 3 in Rumble will now count as a win
The correct number of Valor Rank Points will be granted
Competitive

Glory
Retuned Glory Rank Points gained and lost have to reduce the overall climb to higher ranks
Fixed the weekly award and doubled its gains
Fixed and returned weekly Glory decay
Players who competed in Season 3 will earn bonus rank points for completing their first match in Season 4
Removed loss streaks
Valor
Losses in the Competitive playlist no longer reset your Valor win streak
Game Modes
Control and Clash modes have been added to the Competitive playlist
Rewards
Pinnacle Crucible rewards are now awarded via quests
These quests will not be removed at the end of the season
Redrix's Claymore has been retired in Season 4 as a seasonal reward
Players who earned Redrix's Claymore in Season 3 will receive additional bonuses
Private Matches

Added the option to adjust the respawn timers for Survival
Score-to-win options have been updated for several modes
Control
Added 25 and 150, removed 10 and 20
150 is the new default
Clash
Added 25 and 150, removed 10 and 20
100 is the new default
Supremacy
Added 25 and 150, removed 10 and 20
150 is the new default
Gambit
General

The Gambit playlist is unlocked
Requires Forsaken
Requires completion of mission "Spark"
Infamy ranks now available
Tower
Vendors

Zavala
The Season 4 vendor progression system has been updated with two separate progressions
Vanguard Rank
Like in previous seasons, Vanguard rank can be increased by turning in Vanguard tokens to Zavala
Increasing your Vanguard rank will provide Vanguard engrams, containing new Year 2 weapons and armor with random rolls 
You can continue to acquire items found in Vanguard engrams beyond the season end boundary
Seasonal exclusive items that are purchased via Vanguard rank have been moved to their own row for clarity, and will only be attainable until the end of Season 4
Nightfall Rank
Increased by attaining score on various Nightfall strikes
Items are now available for purchase from Zavala by increasing in Nightfall Rank
Shaxx
Updated reputation reward packages for Season 4
Updated bounties for Season 4
Added pursuits to Shaxx's inventory
Added new rewards for Valor ranks
Gunsmith
No longer exchanges Year 1 mods; these can be safely dismantled 
Now sells two mods (one armor, one weapon) a day.
Gunsmith packages now require 100 Gunsmith Materials
Updated repuation reward packages for Season 4
Events & Rituals
Challenges

General
Between levels 20 and 50 challenges provide a source of Legendary items and experience
When you reach level 50, an entirely new set of challenges activates and the leveling ones are no longer available
After you reach level 50, these are the main avenue into the powerful rewards that previously lived within milestones
Level 20 challenges with progression will be converted to a new challenges at level 50
Daily challenges now available
Specific challenges offered each day
Individual daily challenges reset on a four day cadence
Weekly challenges now available
Reset each Tuesday
Items & Economy
General

Increased experience rewards for completing strikes and nightfall
Reduced experience rewards for completing normal and heroic public events
Iron Banner, Vanguard, and Crucible tokens earned in Season 3 may be redeemed with their respective vendors in Season 4
Players are no longer able to delete mods or shaders from an items details screen
Masterworks

Masterwork reward chances are being reduced in some activities
Pre-Forsaken raids will still offer a higher chance for Masterwork acquisition, but that chance has been lowered from 50% to 10% to be in line with Masterwork drops in Forsaken
Year 1 armor will always dismantle to one Masterwork Core
Year 1 weapons can dismantle to one or two cores, but no longer three
Power

Activity rewards now respect your Power
If you complete an activity while severely under-leveled,  rewards will offer a larger Power upgrade
If you complete an activity while heavily over-leveled,  rewards will be a lower Power level
Shaders

Forsaken shaders do not drop in the wild; instead, they come from dismantling gear with that shader applied
Rare-quality shaders are often applied to drops, but have a low chance of being granted by dismantling
Legendary-quality shaders appear much less frequently on gear, but have a high chance of being granted by dismantling 
It no longer costs anything to apply shaders to gear
Infusion

Infusion for all pre-Forsaken and Forsaken gear is capped at 600 Power
Weapon infusion is now slot-based rather than archetype-based
Example: Any Kinetic weapon can be infused into any other Kinetic weapon, but you can no longer infuse an Energy Hand Cannon into a Kinetic Hand Cannon
Infusing duplicates of the same item is much less expensive than using two different items
Destination Materials

Reduced drop rates of destination materials from some destination activities
Collections

Includes any weapon, armor piece, Ghost Shell, ship, Sparrow, emblem, or shader players have earned since Warmind's release on May 8
Except for Year 2 legendary armor and weapons with random rolls, all items can be reacquired through Collections, for a fee
The cost to reacquire an item scales based on what the item dismantles into
Three of Coins

Three of Coins have been deprecated
Converted into "Faded Cards"
Can be safely discarded for Legendary Shards
Eververse
Prismatic Matrix Schedule

The Prismatic Matrix is now scheduled out for the full season
The Prismatic Facet (free weekly account roll) is now obtained via a special Tier 1 Eververse bounty, rather than being tied to leveling, which can be acquired for 250 Glimmer and that does not require an Eververse Bounty Note
This permits players at all levels to obtain their free weekly roll
Eververse Bounties

Each Seasonal Bright Engram now grants one Bounty Note
These Bounty Notes can be exchanged for a variety of weekly Eververse Bounties, which come in three tiers:
Tier 1: Cost = 1 Eververse Bounty Note: Rewards 20 Bright Dust
Tier 2: Cost = 3 Eververse Bounty Note: Rewards 70 Bright Dust
Tier 3: Cost = 6 Eververse Bounty Note: Rewards 150 Bright Dust
Players can acquire as many Eververse bounties as they have Bounty Notes
Eververse bounties expire seven days after acquisition
Bright Dust Dismantle Yields

Bright Dust, which you gained from dismantling types of Eververse items, is now a fixed amount
Example: Shaders will always yield 10 Bright Dust
Bright Engram Updates

Reward probabilities are now displayed on bungie.net
Added new Legendary weapon ornaments to the Bright Engram
Added new Ghost Projection category to the Bright Engram
Weapon and armor mods are no longer available in Bright Engrams
Eververse Armor and Perks

With the addition of random perk rolls on armor, we have made some changes to how perks are applied to Eververse armor
Eververse armor acquired from non-deterministic sources (i.e., the Bright Engram) will include random perks
Eververse armor acquired from deterministic sources (i.e., the Prismatic Matrix or Bright Dust storefront) will have fixed perks
Leveling Rewards in Forsaken

Starting in Forsaken, you will no longer earn Bright Engrams each level until you reach the level cap
Players progressing through the campaigns will receive an Eververse gift at the end of each campaign once per class with a variety of items and some Bright Engrams included
This includes players who use a Character Boost
Once you reach the level cap, Bright Engrams will once again be awarded at the same rate as they are in the current game
General

Silver transaction history is now displayed on bungie.net
Bundles that have not been opened can be refunded for seven days after purchase
Gleaming Boons of the Vanguard and Crucible have been updated to drop the current season's items
To make room for bounties, Bright Dust offerings have been moved to the second page of Eververse
Clans
General

The Season 3 Clan Staff reward has been granted to all clans who hit max rank this season
Gambit now offers a clan engram when a fireteam from your clan wins a Gambit match
Season 4 Clan Progression

Clan experience is now earned by completing clan bounties available from Hawthorne
When a player reaches level 50, three new clan bounties become available
Guided Games
General

Players have the option reconnect to Guided Game activities if they encounter a disconnection from an active Guided Game
Technical
Audio

Adjusted ambient audio in the Tower
UI

Fixed an issue where having a certain number of unique items in the vault was causing items to not load
Fixed an issue where text would hitch on multiple screens when players are playing on a PlayStation Pro


Destiny 2 Update 2.0
Destiny 2 Update 2.0
Service Announcements:
Destiny 2 Update 2.0 will bring many changes to the Destiny 2 experience in preparation for Forsaken. Some features may not be fully operational until September 4.
This is the final week of Season 3. Season 4, "Season of the Outlaw," begins on September 4.
Player Character
General

Subclass screen updated in preparation for Forsaken
Weapons and Armor
Exotic Armor

Hunter

Orpheus Rig
No longer grants Super energy on bloom and damage sharing
Raised base Super amount that you receive from tethers to create a more consistent and less exponential experience
Super energy given is scaled up when more powerful enemies are tethered
When used with Moebius Quiver, grants additional tether shots
Does not grant ability energy on tethering targets
Celestial Nighthawk
Now grants 33% of your Super energy back if the target is killed by the shot
Wormhusk Crown
No longer starts regeneration of health and shields
Instead grants a larger health and shield bump at the beginning of dodge instead of at the end
Knucklehead Radar
Enhanced radar resolution while crouching
Lucky Pants
Extended duration of Illegally Modded Holster
Shinobu's Vow
Skip grenade returns some energy when it damages an enemy
Warlock

The Stag
Rift dropped from death now has standard rift duration
Eye of Another World
Ability recharge bonus increased
Nezarac's Sin
Increased duration of Abyssal Extractors
Rapid kills extend the duration up to 20 seconds
Skull of Dire Ahamkara
Increased Super energy gained from Nova Bomb kills
Killing higher-ranked enemies now rewards more Super energy
Transversive Steps
Enhanced mobility
After sprinting for a short time, your currently equipped weapon is automatically reloaded
Winter's Guile
Tuned damage and duration per stack to be more consistent
Titan

Mk. 44 Stand Asides
Overshield granted by sprinting appears faster
Hallowfire Heart
Base cooldown reduction when Super is uncharged in addition to CDR when charged
Helm of Saint-14
Grants allies an overshield for a short duration when passing through Ward of Dawn
Mask of the Quiet One
Increased energy gain from incoming damage
While critically wounded, health is granted from kills
Crest of Alpha Lupi
Healing pulse is more effective
Peacekeepers
Increased movement speed when wielding an SMG
Wormgod's Caress
Tuned damage and duration per stack to be more consistent
Weapons
Developer Insight: With Forsaken, we've made a major change to the systemsthe freedom to slot powerful weapons in either the Kinetic slot or Energy slot. This fundamental change necessitated a fresh look at a player's damage output in both PvE and PvP.

Primary ammo weapons and Special ammo weapons may exist in either the Kinetic or Energy slot.
Heavy ammo weapons can exist only in the Power slot.
Ammo type and damage type are now fixed attributes of a specific weapon.
Ammo distribution models updated entirely to support weapon slot changes.
Energy weapons no longer deal bonus damage to active enemy Supers.
Ammo Economy

Primary Ammo Weapons
Hand Cannons
Scout Rifles
Auto Rifles
Pulse Rifles
Sidearms
Submachine Guns
Special Ammo Weapons
Fusion Rifles
Shotguns
Sniper Rifles
Trace Rifles
Single Shot Grenade Launchers
Heavy Ammo Weapons
Drum-Loaded Grenade Launchers
Rocket launchers
Linear Fusion Rifles
Swords
The following Year 1 weapons have moved to the Kinetic slot

Baligant
Shepherd's Watch
Hawthorne's Field-Forged Shotgun
Alone as a God
Perfect Paradox
The Frigid Jackal
Silicon Neuroma
The following Year 1 weapons are now locked to Solar damage

IKELOS_SR_v1.0.1
IKELOS_SG_V1.0.1
The following Exotic weapons did not change slot and still use Heavy ammo

Tractor Cannon
The Legend of Acrius
D.A.R.C.I.
Whisper of the Worm
Developer Insight: The tuning of Destiny weapons and abilities is inexorably tied to the systems that we build upon. Ultimately our goal is to still provide gameplay challenge despite a global increase in player damage output due to the new systems introduced. To properly support the higher uptime of Shotguns, Snipers, and Fusions, the following changes were made to all weapons in the game.

Primary Ammo Weapons

Increased precision damage output of Primary ammo weapons
Increased in-air accuracy
Decreased body shot damage in PvE 
Decreased Auto Rifle damage required to stagger enemies to compensate for reduced body damage
Special Ammo Weapons

Reduced damage output of Special ammo weapons
Increased damage of Trace Rifles
Trace Rifles now disintegrate defeated enemies
Heavy Ammo Weapons

Grenade Launchers:
Increased damage and blast radius
Linear Fusion Rifle
Increased damage
Reduced time to charge and fire
Reduced aim assist
Swords
Increased ammo
Increased damage mitigation when guarding
Exotics

Sleeper Simulant
Fixed issue where charge time was not displayed properly on weapon
Magazine size increased
Reduced base damage
Borealis
Bonus damage after breaking a shield increased on precision hit
Still grants bonus damage on body shots
Prometheus Lens
No longer generates Special ammo on kill
Tractor Cannon
Repulsor Force's Weaken effect now also increases non void damage by 33%, but no longer stacks with other weaken effects. (Shadowshot,Hammer Strike, etc).
Perks

Explosive Payload
Reduced bonus damage output
Ambitious Assassin
Increased time allotted between kills to earn bonus ammunition
Backup Plan
Decreased amount of time weapon must be stowed for perk to become available
Box Breathing
Reduced time required for perk to activate
Reduced precision bonus
Perk now resets after firing
High-Impact Reserves
Damage bonus granted earlier in magazine
Grave Robber
Now reloads your entire magazine
Primary ammo is granted directly to magazine
Heavy and Special ammo is transferred from reserves to magazine
Field Prep
Increased inventory reserves
Increased stow, ready, and reload speed when crouched
Auto-Loading Holster
Reduced time required for perk to activate when weapon is stowed.
Opening Shot
Increased falloff range (weapon does more damage at longer ranges)
Triple Tap
Grants ammo directly to the magazine; no longer pulls from reserves.
Mods

Starting with 2.0.0.1 (9/4/2018), Year 1 mods can no longer be inserted into gear or weapons. You will no longer be able to insert any mods into Year 1 gear or change the elemental damage type come next week.
Misc

Fixed an issue where Rocket Launcher stability stat was not working as intended
Fixed an issue where the Impact Casing perk on Grenade Launchers did not function
Swords now have the ability to accept shaders
Abilities

General

Visual layout of perks has changed in subclass paths
Increased base Guardian melee damage
It now takes two melee hits to defeat an enemy Guardian in PvP
Increased the base damage of Seismic Strike, Hammer Strike, and Shield Bash
Adjusted active Super bonus damage resistance values
Added a timer to the status effect for Healing Rift, Empowering Rift, and Rally Barricade to communicate the time remaining before they expire
Grenades

Axion Bolt
Increased base damage
Increased the amount of time it takes for the tracking strength to lower
Flashbang
Increased base damage
Incendiary Grenade
Increased base damage
Storm Grenade
Increased base damage
Scatter Grenade
Re-tuned range and falloff ranges for the detonations for more reliable damage
Magnetic, Fusion, and Flux Grenade
Increased base damage
Damage is now the same whether a target has been stuck or simply walked over grenade when detonating
Magnetic Grenade now detonates a second time only if it's attached to a target
The second detonation no longer only occurs on the grenade itself and will now be applied to each individual target hit by the initial detonation
Skip Grenade
Increased impact damage of each Skip Drone impact for a higher total potential damage
Voidwall
Increased the damage of initial Void Wall wave
Hunter

General
Marksman's Dodge is now considered a reload; it can interact with Kill Clip, Rat King, etc.
Gunslinger
Practice Makes Perfect perk now grants Super energy on throwing knife kills
Increased the duration of all versions of Golden Gun
Nightstalker
Once activated, the Shadowshot tether will find enemy targets more reliably within its search radius
Titan

General
Rally Barricade no longer requires players to take cover to reloadit now feeds ammo to your magazine over time
Striker
With Terminal Velocity enabled, the opening Fists of Havoc slam no longer leaves a lingering damage area
Lowered the health threshold for triggering Knockout so that it triggers sooner, to keep up with the PvP lethality changes
Increased the lunge range of the Fists of Havoc melee attack
Sunbreaker
Sol Invictus will now trigger on burn kills
Sentinel
Increased Ward of Dawn health significantly
Increased the amount of health provided by the Ward of Dawn overshield
Sentinel Shield Super
Increased Shield Throw projectile speed
Shield Throw no longer loses damage after bouncing or ricocheting off targets
Faster attack animations for grounded melee attacks
Increased Sentinel Super damage in PvE
Warlock

General
Increased Healing Rift effectiveness
Empowering Rift now increases precision damage (previously, bonus damage was capped at the weapon's precision damage in PvP)
Stormcaller
Increased the PvP damage of Stormtrance
Increased Arc Soul's projectile speed
Dawnblade
Increased Dawnblade projectile speed and base tracking strength
Voidwalker
Significantly reduced the length of time that Blink disables your radar and HUD
Chaos Accelerant no longer costs Super energy to use
Increased the damage bonus granted by Chaos Accelerant for each Voidwalker grenade
PvE
Daily Heroic Story Playlist

Year 1 meditations have been retired and replaced with a Heroic Story playlist
These will share modifiers with Heroic adventures and strikes
Forsaken campaign missions will be featured at 500 Power, while Year 1 campaign missions will be featured at 200 Power
Destinations

Wanted escapees from the Prison of Elders now roam the open world
They will not drop rewards until September 4, 2018
Increased the difficulty of Lost Sectors
Example: EDZ Lost Sectors are now 240 Power
Adventures

Replayable adventures have been removed from destination vendors
Heroic adventures have been added to all destinations
Destinations without Heroic adventures before Forsaken will have them available during their Flashpoint weeks
A random Heroic adventure will be available each day
Mercury and Mars Heroic adventures are unchanged
Heroic adventures will share similar modifiers with daily Heroics and strikes
Strikes

Vanguard Strikes
Heroic Strike playlists have been retired for all players and replaced with a single content-appropriate playlist:
Legacy 
Strikes playlist matches the legacy playlist that is currently available in Year 1
Recommended Power 200
Will have modifiers
Forsaken
Strike playlist has three difficulties to select from:
Recommended Power 300 (not available when your level is 40 Power higher)
Recommended Power 400 (not available when your level is 40 Power higher)
Recommended Power 500 (always available)
Will have modifiers
Nightfall
Retired Prestige difficulty
Increased base difficulty for Nightfall activities
Players can choose one of three Nightfall strikes each week
Players may select only the strikes for which they own the appropriate expansions
Legacy players will still be able to enable modifiers via the Challenge Card, but scoring will be disabled in the 270 Power Nightfall
General

Escapees from the Prison of Elders now appear in strikes, Lost Sectors, and public areas
Crucible
General

New ammo model for maps to accommodate weapon slots

Items & Economy
General

Collections (emblems and Exotics) that are found in the vault will be unavailable during the week of August 28-September 4, but they will return with 2.0.0.1 in the upcoming Collections tab 
Exotics will now always drop at or above your Guardian's Power level
Year 1 challenges will no longer grant destination materials or tokens
Destination materials can be earned via bounties, available from their respective destination vendors
Anything that previously granted destination tokens or Rare materials will grant Common destination materials moving forward
Destination tokens and Rare destination materials are no longer granted, but they can still be redeemed for reputation if you have them in your inventory
Xr

His will is not his own
No longer displays a vendor icon on destination maps
No longer tied to Flashpoints
He has a clear purpose but cannot explain itforgive him
Fated Engrams grant only pre-Forsaken Exotics
Tower

Increased vault size to 500 slots
Players can now dismantle shaders in stacks of five in Master Rahool's vendor screen
Cayde-6

Cayde-6 has left the Tower to investigate disturbances in the Reef
Removed Treasure Maps and Scout Reports
Technical
Localization

Added Korean language support to consoles
User Interface

Updated title screen to reflect Forsaken launch
Director
The Director screen has been updated to reconfigure the way challenges, milestones, Flashpoints, and quests are presented:

Challenges
The Year 1 challenge system has been removed and converted into bounties, which will be available through their respective destination and activity vendors on September 4
Bounties are displayed in the Pursuits bucket of the inventory screen
In Year 2 (Forsaken), "challenges" now refer to the bonuses that grant rewards on a daily or weekly basis 
These can be seen in the Director via new indicators on a playlist or destination when available
Milestones
The milestone tray will now be limited to showing specific quests and quest steps
One-time completion objectives, such as campaign missions, subclass missions, and strikes introductions will remain as milestones
Players who do not have any active milestones will not see a milestones blade being displayed
Many Year 1 milestones have been converted into challenges
These challenges will continue to grant powerful rewards
Weekly and daily milestones
Previous weekly and daily milestones, such as strike completion and Crucible, will now appear as weekly or daily challenges on their associated playlists
Flashpoints
The Flashpoint milestone will now appear as a challenge visible on its respective destination vendor
Flashpoint progress has been expanded to include Lost Sectors and Heroic adventures
Exotic quests
Exotic quests are now displayed in the Inventory tab under the Pursuits bucket
They can be recovered at the quests' associated vendor if abandoned
Exotic quests now correctly use Exotic coloring in the UI
Icons for Exotic quests are now appropriately represented with Exotic rarity
World quests
World quests are now displayed in the Inventory tab under the Pursuits bucket
Updated the Director with a new theme and layout to better represent destinations for Year 2
Presell is in the Reef location
The "Leviathan" raid and raid lairs have been moved to Nessus
Character Screen

Weapon slots
Weapon tooltips now display ammo types
White ammo icon - "Primary"
Green ammo icon - "Special"
Purple ammo icon - "Heavy"
The HUD will show a color based on the associated ammo type next to each weapon on the weapon tray
Subclass screen
The path name is now being displayed along the bottom of the character art
Collections
Collections are not available until September 4
Triumphs
Triumphs are not available until September 4
Gear tooltips
Perks are displayed by name only on tooltips for Ghost Shells, weapons, and armor
Exotic perks will display a short description


Destiny 2 Hotfix 1.2.3.2
General
Fixed an issue where players could not upgrade Solstice of Heroes armor
Note: Players may continue to see the Solstice of Heroes Milestone, even after fully upgrading armor and completing all objectives.
Localization
Fixed German description of Iron Emote bundle.


Destiny 2 Hotfix 1.2.3.1
Solstice of Heroes
Solstice of Heroes becomes available at 10:00 a.m. PDT.
General
Fixed an issue where the Fabled Guardian Triumph was not unlocking at the correct Valor rank.
Fixed an issue where players would encounter error code WEASEL when rapidly collecting or storing items in the Vault.


Destiny 2 Update 1.2.3
Destiny 2 Update 1.2.3
Solstice of Heroes
Moments of Triumph

Moments of Triumph bounties will become available in-game for the Solstice of Heroes event starting July 31, 2018.
Players may access a set number of Triumphs on Bungie.net prior to the event beginning.
Players can complete Triumphs to earn points that they can trade for rewards such as emblems, a Sparrow, and a code to purchase a special T-shirt.
When the summer event becomes available on July 31, 2018, players can receive these Triumph bounties from the special summer event vendor and will have the entirety of the event to complete them.
Triumphs are based on account-specific data; once a Triumph has been claimed and redeemed for points, it cannot be claimed for points on another character.
All Triumphs can be tracked via bungie.net; the highest values of a character on that account will be displayed.
In-game rewards will become available on July 31, 2018. Stay tuned to @Bungie for announcements of availability.
NOTE: All information concerning Solstice of Heroes: Moments of Triumph may be found at help.Bungie.net.

Investment
Bounties

5 Crucible bounties a day will now be available from Shaxx.
5 Vanguard bounties a day will now be available from Zavala.
These bounties rotate on a daily cadence.
Bounties can expire after you obtain them. Expiration of individual bounties is shown in the tooltip.
Exotic Masterworks

Catalysts for Legend of Acrius, Telesto, and Sleeper Simulant are now available as rewards from Prestige "Leviathan," Prestige "Leviathan, Eater of Worlds," and Prestige "Leviathan, Spire of Stars," respectively.
Exotic catalysts from Heroic strikes now have slightly higher drop chances.
The Skyburner's Oath Exotic catalyst from the "Leviathan" raid now has slightly higher drop chances.
The catalyst for Sturm can now be found by defeating enemies on Nessus.
Miscellaneous Quality-of-Life Changes

Adjusted Escalation Protocol weapon reward chances to be more deterministic.
Players improve their chances each time they defeat the boss.
Once all Mercury Forge weapons have been obtained, they become available for direct purchase from Brother Vance in the Lighthouse (second vendor page).
Momentum has been removed from Heroic adventures.
The "Pursuits" inventory bucket has been moved to the top of Inventory categories.
Fixed an issue where unequippable emotes could be selected.
Fixed an issue where no sound would play on increasing and decreasing the handicap on Challenge Cards.
Commas have been added to large numbers as separators on the IGCR and PGCR.
Fixed an issue which prevented the Season 3 Dead Orbit Gauntlet Ornament from receiving progress from Arcstriders using the Way of the Warrior subclass tree.
Armor may now be purchased from Iron Banner and Faction Rallies vendors.
Strikes
Strike Modifiers

Blackout: Now increases enemy melee damage significantly but is no longer a guaranteed one-shot kill for all players.
Glass: Slightly reduced the health and shield penalty.
Grounded: Significantly reduced incoming damage when you are airborne, to account for odd geometry that Guardians may not have any control over.
Developer Insight: The goal is to ensure these modifiers are noticeable, but when Guardians advance their Power and stats, they can notice themselves overcoming the debuffs.

Nightfall

The Nightfall tutorial experience for new players has been updated to no longer call out pre-1.1.3 Nightfall mechanics.
Destinations
Mars

Fixed an issue that was preventing some players from accessing Mars adventures.
Fixed an issue that caused some open world chests on Mars to not drop Glimmer or Mars tokens.
Fixed an issue which prevented prophecy materials for Brother Vance from dropping from chests found on Mars.
Sandbox
Exotic Armor Updates

Hunter
Lucky Raspberry
Increased the chance to fully recharge Arcbolt Grenade on Arcbolt Grenade hits.
Now guarantees a full recharge when Arcbolt Grenade hits four targets.
St0mp-EE5
Increased benefits when using Strafe Jump and Triple Jump.
Young Ahamkara's Spine
Now also improves Tripmine Grenade's blast radius and throw speed, and makes your Tripmine Grenades harder to destroy.
Solar ability hits now grant some Tripmine Grenade energy (33%).
Added new FX treatment to the improved Tripmine Grenades to differentiate them from normal Tripmine Grenades.
Removed target-marking functionality.


Titan
ACD/0 Feedback Fence
Now grants Fury Conductor stacks on melee hits instead of kills.
Now reduces melee damage received while you have stacks of Fury Conductor.
More stacks of Fury Conductor further reduce melee damage received.
Doom Fang Pauldrons
Void melee kills now grant more Super energy.
Shield Throw hits now grant Super energy.
Dunemarchers
Reduced the time to activate Linear Actuators while you're sprinting to 1.5 seconds (down from 5 seconds).
Increased the damage of the chain lightning effect (+70% in PvP, 440% in PvE).


Warlock
Crown of Tempests
Collapsed the total number of stacks of Conduction Tines to 3 (with the same total effect).
Conduction Tines now also reduces the speed that Super energy depletes while Stormtrance is active.
Karnstein Armlets
Melee kills now instantly heal you, then grant continuous healing for 8 seconds.
Removed bonus resilience, mobility, and enemy highlights on melee kills.
Starfire Protocol
Empowered weapon damage hits now grant some Fusion Grenade energy (20%).
Armor

Plasteel Reinforcement Mod now includes "Trait" in its tooltip, to have conformity with Restorative and Mobility Enhancement Mods.
Corrected stowed Hand Cannon position on the Haakon's Iron Strides ornament.
Dragon's Shadow now has an audio cue when it reloads your weapons.
Updated tooltip presentation of some Warmind Exotic armor item intrinsic perks.
Updated the perk description for Sanguine Alchemy to better reflect its functionality.
Fixed an issue that was causing targets marked by Sanguine Alchemy to produce orbs when defeated.
Fixed an issue that caused Wraithmetal Mail's active perk to appear in the UI without an icon.
Fixed an issue that caused Starfire Protocol not to work with the Dawnblade Attunement of Sky ability path.
Fixed an issue that prevented Warlock melee attack damage when players were using the Ophidian Aspect Exotic and Hive Swords or orb carry objects.
Abilities

Fixed an issue for high framerates on PC that caused players to suddenly lose momentum after activating Supers and aerial dodge abilities.
Exotic Weapons

Increased the number of rounds granted to Crimson on respawn.
Weapons

Fixed an issue that allowed empty swords to drop heavy ammo bricks on death in the Crucible.
Fixed the Rapid-Fire Frame intrinsic perk on Basilisk (Dead Orbit Shotgun).
Fixed an issue that impacted the recoil of West of Sunfall 7 and the Trials of the Nine Hand Cannon, A Cold Sweat.
Fixed an issue causing the Iron Banner Hand Cannon, Finite Impactor, to not properly track Masterwork statistics.
Raid
Prestige Raid Lairs

Each week, there is a curated weapon suite and a global activity modifier for Spire of Stars and Eater of Worlds Prestige. The weapon set and modifier will be the same across both activities.
Prestige Eater of Worlds will become available at 11 a.m. PDT on July 17, 2018.
Prestige Spire of Stars will become available at 10 a.m. PDT on July 18, 2018.
Prestige raid lairs will drop weapons at 400 Power and Exotic catalysts.  
Raid armor ornaments will become unlockable.
NOTE: More details concerning the Prestige Raid Lairs can be found at: https://www.bungie.net/en/Explore/Detail/News/46981

Misc

Fixed an issue which prevented Hunters from receiving some loot chest rewards in the Spire of Stars raid lair.
PC
Clan Chat

Adds a new in-game text chat channel that allows online Destiny 2 clan members to communicate (in real time). This chat channel is separate from the companion clan chat channel.  
Director Map PC (Mouse) User Experience

Scrolling area reduced to the edges of the game window.
Cursor is now restricted to game window when a map is active (mouse capture).
Edge scrolling now freezes when game window loses focus.
Misc

Fixed an issue which caused bluetooth headphones to not play sound properly on some PC configurations. For more info, please see the Vital Information section of our Destiny Audio Guide.
Crucible
Iron Banner Updates

The Iron Banner game mode now uses Iron Temple fire pits as capture zones instead of standard Control flags.
Added new Power Play rules unique to Iron Banner:
Upon capturing a third zone, all three zones lock for 20 seconds.
After 20 seconds, all three zones reset to neutral and must be recaptured.
Added new audio for fire pits and Power Play alerts.
Updated score and time limits to match standard Control now that Quickplay is also 6v6.
Private Match Bug Fixes

Private Match is no longer available to trial users.
Crucible Lab Update

Added "BETA" to the activity tooltip.
Added support for more Labs in the future.
Added end-of-match rewards.
Crucible Playlist Update

Quickplay
Increased player configuration to 6v6 and updated playlist description.
Removed Supremacy.
Updated Clash win score to 100.
Updated Control win score to 150.
Control Zones are initially neutral.
Competitive
Updated playlist description.
Countdown: Bomb Fuse timer lowered from 40 seconds to 35 seconds.
Rumble is now available full-time.
Supremacy is now a rotating 6v6 playlist with a score to win of 150.
Crucible Ranks Update

Players can now earn Valor Rank from the following playlists:
Competitive
Crucible Labs
Iron Banner
Joining a game in progress now protects your Valor Win Streak for that game.
If you lose: No penalties incurred to your Valor Win Streak.
If you win: Valor Win Streak increases.
Players will now be matched using their Glory Rank.
This means your opponents will be of similar rank to you.
The higher you climb, the tougher the opponent!
Glory Loss Streaks have been re-tuned to be less punishing over time.
Consecutive losses now decrease the Rank Points lost instead of increasing.
Streaks still cap out at five.
All Rank Streaks no longer reset once they hit their cap.
Fixed a bug where Rank Up toasts were not firing once a player hit orbit.
Fixed a bug where players who logged into a character for the first time after a weekly reset would incur the Glory Rank weekly award/penalty.
Fixed a bug where players were incorrectly hearing the rank points increase/decrease sounds where there was no rank attached to the activity. 
Audio

Miscellaneous adjustments to increase the readability of enemy audio cues across all modes.
Eververse
Summer Event Engram

For the duration of Solstice of Heroes, players will earn a bonus Solstice Engram with each Prototype Engram earned through Prestige level-up.
When decrypting Solstice Engrams, players will receive new items until they've unlocked all items in the box. Once all items have been acquired, additional Solstice Engrams will award duplicate items. Players may track what items they've earned from the Solstice Engram through the engram's preview.
New item type: armor glows. Players who earn the Solstice of Heroes armor sets may use armor glows obtained from Eververse or the Solstice Engram.
Armor glows illuminate portions of the Solstice of Heroes armor and shine brightest when the element of the armor glow and the Guardian's subclass align.
Once obtained, armor glows may be used and re-used on any Solstice of Heroes armor piece, regardless of class.
During Solstice of Heroes, players may purchase event-exclusive items from Eververse for Bright Dust.
Prismatic Matrix

The Prismatic Matrix has been temporarily removed. It will return in Season 4.
Prismatic facets have been deprecated. Dismantling deprecated Prismatic facets will grant Bright Dust.
Other
HDR Calibration

Adds a calibration screen for HDR on all platforms. It can be accessed through the Brightness video setting when HDR is turned on.
GDPR Compliance

Updated LSLA screen in bootflow, including link to GDPR resources.
Item Preview Updates

Players can preview spawn effects and Sparrow contrails in their inventory.


Destiny Hotfix 1.2.1.2
General
Fixed an issue where the Lupus Visage Ornament for Fighting Lion was not correctly granted to players who purchased the Iron Ornament Bundle


Destiny Hotfix 1.2.1.1
Activities
Fixed an issue where Nightfall Unique Rewards were not available
Bungie.net and Destiny Companion App
Fixed an issue where players could fully un-equip weapons from weapon slots using the Bungie.net API
Miscellaneous
Fixed an issue where players with Nvidia-powered laptops would launch into a permanent black screen and were unable to progress to gameplay


Destiny 2 Update 1.2.1
Events
Faction Rallies

Information concerning Faction Rallies will be made available on 5/31 in the "This Week at Bungie" blog article.
Sandbox
Exotic Armor

Hunter
Mechaneer's Tricksleeves
While you are critically wounded, swapping to a Sidearm increases its damage (2x in PvE, 1.33x in PvP).
The Dragon's Shadow
Dodge reloads all weapons simultaneously.
Dodging now also grants +5 mobility for the duration of Wraithmetal Mail, in addition to its previous benefits.
Added a UI indicator for the Wraithmetal Mail buff.
Titan
Lion Rampant
Hipfiring no longer interrupts Lift. Increased hipfire accuracy while airborne.
Synthoceps
Now grants a flat melee damage bonus for 8 seconds when you are surrounded by three or more enemies (3x in PvE, 2x in PvP).
This buff also increases Super damage while active (+50%).
Warlock
Lunafaction Boots
Now allows your Rift to continuously reload weapons while you or allies stand in it.
Empowering Rift grants a boost to weapon range and aim assist.
Sunbracers
Solar melee kills now grant unlimited Solar grenade energy for a short duration.
Weapons

Legendary
Shining Sphere
Replaced Pulse Monitor perk with Quickdraw.
Exotic
Skyburner's Oath
Fixed an issue that caused this weapon's sound effects to play too quietly while you are aiming down sights.
SUROS Regime
Fixed an issue where players could not reload while ADS.
Perks

Trench Barrel
Fixed a bug that allowed this perk to activate after making melee attacks on friendly targets.
Exotic Masterworks

MIDA Multi-Tool
The Masterwork catalyst can now be obtained by the most determined competitors in the Crucible.
Activities
Crucible

Crucible Labs
Crucible Labs will allow Guardians to play experimental Crucible content.
Crucible Labs will become available at a later date. Stay tuned to @Bungie on Twitter for announcements.
The Crucible Labs playlist will be active periodically for feedback.

General
Fixed an issue where players would lose Rank Points for leaving a match too soon after the match ends.
Fixed a memory issue that was causing PC players running at low texture quality to frequently hit BEET or KALE errors while loading into 6v6 Iron Banner.
Fixed the space flights of 3+ minutes players experienced while loading into 6v6 Iron Banner that were caused when they hit BEET and KALE errors.
Public Events

Fixed an issue that prevented players from triggering the Heroic "Warsat Down" public event when Shriekers would close too quickly.
Strikes

Removed "Exodus Crash" from Heroic Strike Matchmaking.
Fixed an issue where players could join in-progress and become stuck behind a door in the strike "Exodus Crash."
Fixed an issue where Heroic strike milestones and quests was not progressing due to Vanguard Boons.
Fixed an issue where players could get stuck joining allies repeatedly in the strike "Lake of Shadows."
Added a score modifier display on the item detail screen for Nightfall Challenge Cards.
Heroic strikes will now award Escalation Protocol Key Fragments.
Heroic strikes now have a chance (~25%) to award powerful engrams of up to 360 Power.
Raid

Fixed an issue where launching a one-use Super just as you catch the "Spire of Stars" relic would not consume Super energy.
Changed the "Spire of Stars" relic's time-out splash damage to allow damage to targets.
The raid vendor will now have a unique performance after you have completed "Spire of Stars."
Fixed an issue where Calus's shield had greater health than intended.
Updated the Guided Game tooltip to correctly reflect the required Power level to launch.
Robes of Sekris (Warlock raid chest armor) will now display hanging cloth correctly.
The cost of "Spire of Stars" rewards from Benedict 99-40 has been increased to 50 tokens.
Benedict 99-40's reputation engram will no longer grant weapons.
Warmind Campaign

Fixed an issue where some enemies were granting higher-than-intended XP from the mission "Pilgrimage."
Eververse
Prismatic Matrix

Fixed an issue where players would see a permanent waypoint over Tess when they had a Prismatic Facet in their character inventory.
Fixed an issue where the Prismatic Matrix icon did not have an indicator when new items were available.
Fixed an issue where the Prismatic Matrix icon was not highlighted when players had a Prismatic Facet in their character inventory.
Clans
Rewards

The Clan XP Milestone now properly grants powerful rewards when it is turned in. 
A few players would receive a Clan Banner very frequently. This should be fixed, and now players can discard any Clan Banners at the Postmaster.
Emotes
General

Resolved an issue where some players who owned the "Salute" emote were unable to equip it.
The "Awaken the Warmind" emote no longer displays after the emote has been interrupted.
Flavortext now appears on the emote preview.


Destiny 2 Hotfix 1.2.0.2
Inventory

Emblems introduced in Season 3 are now visible within the Emblem Collection for all players
Fixed an issue where some players could not equip the Shadow Dance emote
Vendors

Fixed an issue where the Gunsmith was not selling Legendary Modifications to players who did not own Expansion 2
Strikes

Fixed an issue where the Heroic Strike Playlist would sometimes launch players into Vanguard Strikes
Crucible

Players can no longer summon Sparrows on Meltdown
Fixed an issue where Iron Banner ornaments were receiving progress from alternate Crucible playlists
Raid

The Contender's Shell perk "Seeker of Brilliance" now properly grants Season 3 Prototype Engrams (Was incorrectly granting Season 2 Illuminated engrams)
Sandbox

Fixed an issue where Rat King was incorrectly granting ammo to alternate weapons
Destiny Companion API

Fixed an issue where players were unable to interact with their Characters or Inventory on Bungie.net, the Destiny Companion App, or 3rd party apps
General

Fixed an issue causing frame rate issues on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 4 Pro


Destiny 2 Update 1.2.0 - 5/08/2018
Warmind Launch
Warmind is now available
Season 3 has begun
Player Character
General

Players who own Warmind may now reach level 30 and Power level 385
Emotes
Multi-emote is now available, and players can now configure all four emote options with player-selected emotes
Emotes are now stored on the Multi-Emote page of the character inventory
The emote collection has been removed from the Vault, as emotes are now stored on the character
Sandbox
Abilities

Additional grenade charges granted by some Subclass trees or Exotic Perks now charge at the same rate as the primary grenade (was considerably slower)
Exotic Weapons - General

Implemented Exotic Masterwork weapons
Exotic Kinetic Weapons

Sweet Business
Increased the ammo gained when players pick up Kinetic ammo
Increased ammo inventory


Vigilance Wing
Recovery is set to maximum while the Last Stand perk is active


The Jade Rabbit
+20 stability


Rat King
Enhanced the total stat benefits of running with a pack
Benefits are front-loaded; there are now larger damage benefits when two people equip the Exotic, with slight damage increases for each additional player 
The Rat Pack perk can now activate and stack while Rat King is stowed
Added HUD notification text for when the Rat Pack perk is active
Increased ammo inventory
Added full auto


Crimson
Refined damage, rate of fire, and recovery time between bursts 
Increased ammo inventory


Sturm and Drang
Sturm
Increased base stability stat
Overcharged rounds from Drang now deal 80% bonus damage
Added HUD status notification and visual feedback for when the magazine is overcharged
Drang
Kills with Drang reload Sturm and add one overcharged round even if Sturm's mag is not full
Increased magazine size
Now has the Rampage perk
Exotic Energy Weapons

Hard Light
Can now be manually reloaded to change the damage type
Hits after its rounds bounce now deal double damage


Graviton Lance
Now fires two-round bursts
Increased stability
Reduced recoil on its final round in a burst
Cosmology explosion deals more damage
Cosmology explosion now spawns secondary Void projectiles
Enemies eliminated float up and back, detonating closer to their death location
Improved aim assist


Skyburner's Oath
+10 aim assist
+30 increased handling
Now has the Explosive Payload perk
Hip fire now lobs slower-moving projectiles with tracking


Riskrunner
Now deals more damage while Arc Conductor is active
Enhanced Arc damage resistance to 50% while Arc Conductor is active and Riskrunner is in the player's hands
Arc damage resistance is now enabled against Guardians in the Crucible
Arc Conductor can be activated while the weapon is stowed
Added Arc FX to the player while Arc Conductor is active


Sunshot
Increased damage and radius of kill explosion


Coldheart
Damage now ramps up faster
Reduced incoming flinch
Increased precision modifier to 1.4x (was 1.05x)


Prometheus Lens
Increased magazine size to 100 rounds
Deals more area damage and less beam damage
Increased precision modifier to 1.4x (was 1.05x)


Fighting Lion
Deals more blast damage and less direct hit damage
Increased ammo inventory
Increased spawn ammo
Kills with this weapon guarantee Energy ammo drops
Exotic Power Weapons

Tractor Cannon
Weapon damage now suppresses targets
Weapon damage now makes targets more susceptible to Void damage (+50%) for 10 seconds


D.A.R.C.I.
Reduced flinch
Reduced zoom on scope
Increased precision damage to locked-on targets (up to 4x)
Increased aim assist


Borealis
Reduced flinch
After breaking the shield of an enemy (a combatant or a Guardian using a Super) with the matching elemental damage type, it deals double damage for the remainder of the magazine


The Prospector
Grenades now stick to surfaces
Grenades now cause burn damage over time
Weapon Perks

Pulse Monitor
Now reloads 35% of the magazine (up from 17.5%)
Now can activate while the weapon is not equipped


Precision Frame
Fixed an issue that was causing inconsistent recoil reduction on precision-category weapons
The pattern is now more consistent as the weapon kicks
Legendary Weapons

Precision Hand Cannons
Adjusted the ADS firing animation


Linear Fusion Rifles
Increased precision damage modifier to 2.0x (was 1.5x)


Lightweight Grenade Launchers
Adjusted breach-load Grenade Launchers so that they can fire sooner out of a reload, and fire sooner out of a sprint cancel
Activities
PvE

Changes to outgoing player damage scaling vs. higher-level combatants
Higher-level combatants take longer to kill if you're below their level
Increased the outgoing and incoming damage scaling, from capping at a 40 Power level delta to a 50 Power level delta
Over-level combatants continue to increase in difficulty up to 50 Power levels above the player
When enemies are 50 Power levels or higher above a player, they will be immune to damage
Over-level, immune combatants will display a "??" icon in their nameplate
Updated the damage dealt to combatant Energy shields from the following weapon damage types:
3x damage dealt from Energy weapons of a matching damage type
2x damage dealt from Energy weapons of a nonmatching damage type
No bonus damage from Kinetic weapons
Strikes

Heroic strikes now feature rotating modifiers:
At any given time, the following will be active on the Heroic strikes playlist:
1x Elemental Burn (weekly rotation)
1x Advantage (daily rotation)
1x Disadvantage (daily rotation)
In addition to the above, the baseline difficulty of Heroic strikes is boosted to be closer to Nightfall difficulty


Legendary Nightfall Strike Challenge Card
Can be obtained from Xr (at no cost) by replacing your Rare Challenge Card
The Legendary tier adds additional slots for new Advantages and Disadvantages


Fixed an issue in which scoring did not add points for killing the bosses in the Nightfall strikes "A Garden World" and "Savathn's Song"
Fixed an issue where the Nightfall score summary was only displaying kills since last death
Now displays the score for entire activity completion
Fixed an issue in which the Unbroken Challenge completed for all fireteam members even if the clear criteria had not been met
Fixed an issue where strike scoring granted points for players in public bubbles, Lost Sectors, or other unintended areas
Raid

Weekly lockouts for raid rewards are now class-based
Players running multiple instances of the same class will receive rewards only the first time they run the raid in a week
Tower

Seasonal Ranks are now available for the Vanguard, Crucible, Trials of the Nine, and Iron Banner
Increased Vault size from 200 items to 300 items
Fixed an issue with collections where event emblems would not show up unless players owned Curse of Osiris
Fixed an issue where Cayde-6 refused to offer all three Treasure Maps for Mercury
Items and Economy
General

Milestones now award a more balanced distribution of Exotics between weapons and armor, but overall they award Exotics less often than before
Fixed an issue where powerful engrams could not draw from Exotics released at Destiny 2 launch
Fixed an issue where the first powerful engram opened after each sign-in was guaranteed to produce an Exotic
Fixed an issue with slow load times for Uncommon gear
Mods and shaders can now be dismantled from the Item Details screen
Items can now be dismantled from the Postmaster and the Vault
Season 2 Exotic Ghost Shells that use destination perks now have a chance to have Hellas Basin destination perks when initially awarded
Character Inventory

Created a  "Pursuits" category in the character inventory to contain pursuit tracking items, such as those associated with Exotic quests
Items in the Pursuits category are specific to each character and not shared across the account
Eververse

Players now may receive one Bright Engram per character (account limit of three) from Tess for the seasonal milestone
Increased the number of items available for purchase via Bright Dust from 14 to 18
Additional slots will feature shaders and transmat effects
Fixed an issue where players could purchase bundles or engrams when their inventory and Postmaster were full
Fixed an issue where items rewarded from Eververse Gleaming Boons would not display the correct icon within the Postmaster screen


Added the Prismatic Matrix to Eververse
At launch, 10 Eververse items from Season 3 are featured each week that the Prismatic Matrix is available
An account's first well-rested level-up each week grants one Prismatic Facet, allowing one free use of the Prismatic Matrix
Players may hold up to three Prismatic Facets at a time
Additional activations may be purchased for 200 Silver each
This item inventory is based on a knockout list and will not drop duplicates
Items earned via Bright Engrams, Bright Dust, or previous Matrix activations will contribute to the knockout list
Clans
Progression

A new set of clan perks is available for you to earn in Season 3
A new Clan Banner Staff has been rewarded to those who hit clan rank 6 in Season 2
Clan Engrams 

Trials of the Nine and raid clan engrams no longer grant Trials of the Nine or raid weapons
These now grant Crucible and Vanguard rewards
Clan Engrams no longer grant rewards above the player's level when reaching 340 Power
The Nightfall and Crucible clan engrams will grant rewards up to 340 Power
Guided Games

A new set of Guided Games tickets has been granted to all players
Players can earn a Leviathan Guide emblem that tracks the number of raid encounters and raids they complete as a Guide
The emblem rewards an aura for 14 days when completing a raid as a Guide
Once a week while the aura is active, guiding a raid to completion grants a Bright Engram
Crucible
General

Private Matches are now available to all players
Players must own Curse of Osiris or Warmind to play maps from those respective releases in Private Matches
Added a Crucible ranking system (see details here)
Added a fireteam matchmaking system (see details here)
Maps

Curse of Osiris and Warmind maps are now available to all players in matchmade Crucible playlists
New Warmind maps: Meltdown and Solitude
Added spawn points to Altar of Flame, the Dead Cliffs, and Endless Vale 
Added kill volumes to the Burnout to prevent players from escaping the intended playable space
Fixed a cinematic camera point on the Dead Cliffs for 6v6
Game Modes

Added "Doubles" to the Weekly Rotating playlist
Audio
Settings

Added and revised in-game audio options that can be accessed through the Settings menu in Destiny 2: (Help Article)
SFX Volume
Dialogue/Cinematics Volume
Music Volume
Chat Volume
PC
Key Mapping
Secondary key mappings can be assigned through the Settings menu in Destiny 2.
Key Mappings are now stored per-account by default.  There is a setting in the Settings menu to store Key Mappings per-machine instead.


Text Chat
Incoming Text Chat messages are now visible by default.  There is a mappable key (defaults to 'L') to toggle Text Chat to a minimized state.
Incoming Text Chat messages now play an audio cue while text chat is in the minimized state.  This can be disabled in the Settings menu.
UI
General

Fixed an issue where the cursor sometimes failed to appear on destination maps


Destiny 2 Hotfix 1.1.4.2
General
Fixed an issue where some PC players were unable to launch Destiny 2 in full screen mode


Destiny 2 Hotfix 1.1.4.1
The one about Memory

Crucible
Reducing Rumble player count from 8 to 6
Changes to respawn system to help prevent players from spawning near opponents
General
Fixed an issue where players were unable to load into the Tower
Fixed an issue where Vendors sometimes would not load in the Tower
Fixed an issue where players were sometimes unable to load into Raid encounters
Error Codes
Increased monitoring for ZEBRA errors, soon to be split into BEET and KALE.


Destiny 2 Update 1.1.4
Strikes

Nightfall strike unique rewards
Possible rewards include Legendary weapons and Exotic accessories
Drop rates increase in likelihood based on score thresholds
Strike repetition reduction 
Players will no longer see the same strikes back-to-back in strike playlists
Challenge Card
Increased the Power handicap maximum from 40 to 45
Fixed an issue where "Tree of Probabilities" wouldn't end immediately after Valus Thuun's death if he was killed very quickly
Fixed an issue where players could respawn below the boss fight of "A Garden World"
Fixed an issue where vehicles?were not rewarding points when destroyed
Fixed an issue where Orbs granted points in public areas

Other
Exotic repetition reduction
Protections were put in place that prevent back-to-back duplicate Exotics from Exotic Engrams
Fixed an issue where some emblems were not displaying what statistic they track
Prometheus Lens correctly appears in the Exotic weapon collection for players who acquired the item from Xr without owning Curse of Osiris
Reduced interaction time for patrol beacons and activity totems from 3 seconds to 1 second
Fixed an issue where applying or previewing a shader on an item would return players to the top page of the shader inventory

Sandbox
Weapons

Pulse Rifles
Increased PvE damage for all Pulse Rifles by 16%
Increased rate of fire for adaptive and high impact Pulse Rifles
Adaptive: from 360 rpm to 390 rpm (+8.3%)
High Impact: from 320 rpm to 340 rpm (+6.3%)
Increased base damage for adaptive, high impact, and rapid-fire Pulse Rifles
Adaptive: from 14.5 to 16 (+10.3%)
High Impact: from 16 to 18 (+12.5%)
Rapid-Fire: from 12 to 12.5 (+4.2%)
Increased precision multiplier for lightweight Pulse Rifles from 1.5x to 1.6x (+6.7%)
Decreased precision multiplier for adaptive Pulse Rifles from 1.55 to 1.475 (-5.8%)
Design Note: This keeps precision damage close to where it is now, when you factor in the base damage and rate of fire buffs above. This puts most of the buff into body shots, but in the end, this still increases precision damage overall.

Scout Rifles
Increased PvE damage for all Scout Rifles by 15%
Increased base damage for high impact Scout Rifles from 37 to 40 (+8.1%)

Hand Cannons
Increased PvE damage for all Hand Cannons by 15%
Precision Hand Cannons deal 0.15x more precision damage, increasing from 1.5x to 1.6x (+6.6%)
Increased hip fire accuracy when using controllers on console and PC by 33%
Increased ADS accuracy when using controllers on console and PC by 25%

Sidearms
Increased PvE damage for all Sidearms by 15%
Increased hip fire accuracy; reduced cone by 20%
Increased ADS accuracy; reduced cone by 12%
Increased inventory (allowing more reserve ammo to be stored)
Increased range falloff start by +1 m
Increased ADS movement speed

Submachine Guns
Increased PvE damage for all Submachine Guns by 10%
Set optics to 1.3x
Increased inventory (allowing more reserve ammo to be stored)

Linear Fusion Rifles
Increased PvE damage for all Linear Fusion Rifles by 50%
Increased aim assist
Decreased flinch multiplier

Shotguns
Increased PvE damage for all Shotguns by 35%
Increased inventory (allowing more reserve ammo to be stored)
Increased aim assist on SUROS precision Shotguns

Sniper Rifles
Increased PvE damage:
By 20% for yellow bar enemies
By 40% for red bar enemies
Increased precision damage, which now scales with the weapon's rate of fire
Changed from 2.5x for everything to 3.0x at the lowest rate of fire up to 3.5x at the highest rate of fire
Increased aim assist
Increased inventory (allowing more reserve ammo to be stored)

Grenade Launchers
Increased blast radius
Drum-Fed Grenade Launchers: +0.5 m
One-Shot Grenade Launchers: +1.0 m 

MIDA Mini-Tool
Decreased the MIDA Mini-Tool's optics to match other Submachine Guns
Prevented the stacking of Lightweight and the MIDA Mini-Tool's Lightweight perks
Adjusted player movement speed to match the MIDA Multi-Tool
Auto Rifles
Decreased range by 10 for all precision Auto Rifles
Decreased aim assist for all precision Auto Rifles
Perks

Scaled up PvE damage for the following perks:
High Impact Reserves
From 1.12x to 1.30x (+16%)
Kill Clip
From 1.33x to 1.53x (+15%)
Rampage
From 1.33x at 3 stacks to 1.65x while at 3 stacks
Also increased duration from 3 seconds to 3.5 seconds

Dragonfly 
Buffed damage
From 50 to 65 (+30%)
+30% additional damage against combatants
Updated FX

Explosive Rounds
Decreased PvE Explosive Rounds damage multiplier by 15%
Increased PvE damage for the base weapons to compensate for this decrease

Grave Robber 
Reloads 50% of the magazine instead of 30%

Timed Payload
Splits damage 55/45, explosive/direct instead of previous split which was more direct damage
Abilities

Increased Super regeneration rates from 6:40 minutes to 5:00 minutes 
The output of every increment of the Mobility stat, from 2 - 10, has been increased allowing for a significant boost in player speed
Vanishing Step (invisibility upon dodging) and Vanish in Smoke (Smoke Bomb invisibility) 
Dodging remains unchanged and still breaks both aim assist and projectile tracking for the duration of the actual dodge
The invisibility granted by Vanishing Step no longer breaks aim assist or projectile tracking in PvP (unchanged in PvE)
Increased the duration of invisibility granted by Vanishing Step by 1 second
Increased the duration of Smoke Bomb invisibility by 1 second
Increased the movement speed of "melee Supers" (Fist of Havoc, Sentinel Shield, and Arc Staff) 
While these Supers are active, sprint speed is automatically set to the fastest possible sprint speed (no additional perks needed)
Characters automatically sprint when you request forward movement
Increased movement acceleration to reach max speed almost instantly 

Titan

Increased the distance the player travels with an untargeted airborne shoulder charge attack (Shield Bash, Seismic Strike, and Hammer Strike) back to 4.5 m
Lift 
Strafe Lift 
Increased top speed of Strafe Lift
Catapult Lift 
Increased the initial horizontal acceleration gained from activating Catapult Lift
Increased the amount of time Catapult Lift can be active to allow for more control

Hunter

Arc Staff 
Increased the speed of the Arc Staff dodge animation
Increased the speed of all Arc Staff attack animations
For Arc Staff Super cast animation and all Arc Staff melee attacks, reduced the amount of time you're locked in animations before you can move or attack
Increased the AoE range of all Arc Staff attacks 

Warlock

Glide 
Overall 
Increased the initial extension of vertical speed gained from activating Glide to allow for quick, on-demand bursts of speed
Strafe Glide 
Increased the top speed of Strafe Glide
Greatly increased the horizontal acceleration of Strafe Glide to allow for more in-air maneuverability
Increased Strafe Glide's max height to match the other vertical movements
Burst Glide 
Greatly increased the top speed of Burst Glide (higher than Strafe Glide's top speed)
Balanced Glide 
Recalibrated Balanced Glide to gain some of the added speed of Burst Glide and some of the added horizontal acceleration of Strafe Glide. 
Design Note: Our intent is for Balanced Glide to have some of the properties of both Burst and Strafe Glide without being as potent as either version.

Dawnblade 
Decreased the cost of throwing sword projectiles with the Daybreak Super, allowing for one additional throw
Increased the Super duration extension gained from the Everlasting Flames perk (~+20%)
The buff granted by the Swift Strike melee ability now removes all in-air accuracy penalties while active
Decreased the Icarus Dash cooldown from 10 seconds to 6 seconds
Increased the grenade and melee energy that Heat Rises gives you per kill from 10% to 16%

Fixed an issue where players could throw infinite numbers of Nova Bombs in Mayhem
Mods

Mods that affect ability regen rates (i.e., for grenades, melee, and class abilities) now have increased output (16.667% per mod). They still cap at 3 mods (50% regen rate).
Crucible
Weekly Featured Playlist (Rumble, Mayhem, Iron Banner)
Each week we will rotate among Rumble, Mayhem, and Iron Banner playlists in the Crucible

Crucible repetition reduction
Enabled repeat map protection for Quickplay, Competitive, and Iron Banner playlists

Quitter penalties
Incomplete matches in Competitive Crucible playlists will now result in a warning or temporary (30 minute) suspension from Competitive and Osiris Competitive playlists

Added invisible physics and kill volumes to keep players inside the intended playable area on a number of maps.

Iron Banner 
Now features 6v6
Time limit is 12 minutes
Score limit is 125 points
Respawn time is 7 seconds
All Control Zones start off neutral
Additional Guardians (max of 3) in a zone increases capture speed
Emperor's Respite has been removed from the Iron Banner Control playlist
Power ammo
Recurring side crate respawn times reduced from 90 seconds to 45 seconds
Initial side crate respawn times reduced from 90 seconds to 30 seconds

Crucible gameplay/ammo improvements
Quickplay (Clash, Control, Supremacy) match length has been extended to 10 minutes, with score limits adjusted accordingly

All modes
Increased assist and kill credit time from 2 seconds to 2.5 seconds
Increased Super energy granted to players for both kills and assists
Players who are defeated while carrying Power ammo will lose all of their Power ammo and drop 50% of it on the ground as a brick
This brick is visible to all players, and anyone can pick it up
The brick expires after 30 seconds
The brick requires a full .25-second interaction instead of a passive walkover
This interaction can be interrupted if the player takes damage
Quickplay

All modes
Match length has been extended to 10 minutes, with score limits adjusted accordingly
Respawn time for all Quickplay game modes has gone down from 5 seconds to 2 seconds
Recurring side crate respawn times reduced from 90 seconds to 60 seconds
Neutral crates for Clash/Supremacy are unchanged
The player Super display has been removed from the HUD
Players can still access this information in the death screen and while in Nav Mode (when their Ghost is out)
The player Super display remains unchanged in Competitive

Control
Reduced initial side crate Power ammo respawn times from 90 seconds to 30 seconds
Changed the amounts of Super energy players get for capturing zones 
Players on the capturing team get slightly less than before
Players participating in the capture itself get 2x that amount

Clash/Supremacy
Initial side crate Power ammo respawn times reduced from 90 seconds to 60 seconds
Competitive (Includes Trials of the Nine)

All modes
Tracker is now turned off
Design Note: This is to enable more flanking and expression of individual power.

Survival
Reduced recurring neutral crate respawn times from 75 seconds to 45 seconds
Reduced respawn time to 7 seconds

Countdown
Reduced recurring side crate respawn times from 60 seconds to 45 seconds
Lowered revive lockout time from 20 seconds to 7 seconds
Players no longer lose revive tokens on death
Crucible Power Ammo Crates

Rockets
Now: 1 rocket
Was: 2 rockets

Drum-Fed Grenade Launchers
Stays at 4 grenades

Single-Shot Grenade Launchers
Now: 6 grenades (may be capped by weapon inventory size)
Was: 4 grenades

Sniper Rifles
Now: 6 shots 
Was: (variable) 2 mags, capped at 6 

Shotguns
Now: 5 shots
Was: (variable) 2 mags, capped at 4

Slug Shotguns
Now: 6 shots
Was: (variable) 2 mags, capped at 4

Fusion Rifles
Now: 5 bursts
Was: (variable) 4-5 shots based on mag size

Wardcliff Coil
Stays at 1 volley

Swords
Now: 6 swings
Was: 30% of total Energy, capped at 9 swings

Linear Fusion Rifles
Now: 4 shots
Was: (variable) 2 mags, capped at 6 

The Prospector
Now: 8 grenades
Was: 4 grenades

Legend of Acrius
Now: 4 shots
Was: (variable) 2 mags, capped at 4

Tractor Cannon
Now: 6 shots
Was: (variable) 2 mags, capped at 4

The Colony
Stays at 4 shots

D.A.R.C.I.
Now: 8 shots
Was: (variable) 2 mags, capped at 6

Borealis
Now: 8 shots
Was: (variable) 2 mags, capped at 6 


DESTINY 2 UPDATE - 2/27/2018
Destiny Update 1.1.3 - The one about Nightfall Strike Scoring.

Nightfall Strike Scoring
Both normal and Prestige Nightfall now have scoring
Enemy kills and orb generation will accrue points
Highest set scores will display on each Nightfall's respective emblem
Scores above a target value will enable the Nightfall Aura and a fireteam Vanguard Token bonus
Total team score will be displayed at the end of the Nightfall in the PGCR
Nightfall Challenge Cards
The Prestige Nightfall challenge card allows players to select modifiers for the Prestige Nightfall that affect gameplay and score multipliers
Players can select active Elemental modifiers to boost outgoing and incoming damage
Players can opt into using a power handicap that will lower their character power level in the Prestige Nightfall but raise the score multiplier
Extinguish is always on when applying the Nightfall Challenge Card. If the full fireteam wipes in a respawning restricted area, the fireteam will be returned to orbit
Cards cannot be modified once the activity has been launched
These cards will drop for DLC owners in the normal or Prestige Nightfall
The fireteam leader's card is applied to the entire fireteam when launching the Prestige Nightfall
Emblem Variants
Crucible Emblems
Victorious Veteran tracks your lifetime Crucible kills and how many of each class you've defeated
Victorious Veteran has six variants: the first three variants are class specific, the last three are unlocked after defeating 1000 of that class in PVP
This emblem can be purchased from Shaxx after opening 10 faction packages
Destination Emblems
Lost Sector Emblems have been changed into Destination Emblems that track Lost Sectors Found, Region Chests Opened, and Ghost Scans Discovered
Note: Mercury only tracks Lost Sectors and Region Chests
Each Destination Emblem has four variants in addition to the default emblem
Each variant has a chance to drop from chests in the destination
For players who did not have the respective Lost Sector emblems, they may purchase the new destination emblems from the respective vendors after opening 10 faction packages
Nightfall Emblems
New Nightfall Emblems exist for each individual Nightfall strike and track your high score in that strike
Each Nightfall Emblem has 3 variants in addition to the default emblem, these variants have a chance to drop when you hit a certain score tier and complete the Nightfall
Auras
Raid Emblem "Glory To The Emperor" tracks total Leviathan clears on Prestige difficulty and unlocks the orange Prestige Raid Aura if you've completed a Prestige difficulty raid activity in the last 14 days
Trials Emblem "You Are Worthy"  tracks number of flawless tickets and unlocks the blue Trials Aura if you've gone flawless in the last 14 days
Nightfall Emblems awarded from completing each Nightfall strike track your high score in the respective Nightfall and unlock an aura if your high score in that strike is higher than a global target score
General
Opt-in Text Chat for PC is now available in Social Spaces and Public Areas
Fireteam members now appear on Destination Map
Damage Reduction granted by Armor Masterworks while a Super ability is active has been increased from 3% to 5% per armor piece
Fixed an issue where Ammo Masterworks could decrease the maximum ammo capacity of a weapon
Fixed an issue where some players would have irretrievable items within the Postmaster
The Eater of Worlds Raid Lair will now grant Faction Tokens during Faction Rallies events
The Seeker of Brilliance and Seeker of Opulence perks on the Contender Ghost Shell may now trigger during the Crossing encounter of the Eater of Worlds Raid Lair
Fixed an issue in Trials of the Nine where players could receive erroneous losses if the opposing team left before match start
Fixed an issue where players could encounter BAT errors when joining a Mercury Adventure
Fixed an issue where players were placed facing the wrong direction after dunking an item during public events
Fixed an issue where the Phoenix Dive Warlock Ability could be used to get out of the intended playspace
Helm of Saint-14 no longer affects allies when guarding with the Sentinel Shield Super
The Insurmountable Skullfort Titan Exotic now properly has three stat points
Projectiles from the Colony Exotic Grenade Launcher properly track enemies on PC when frame rate is set higher than 30 FPS


Destiny 2 Hotfix - 02/13/2018
Destiny Update 1.1.2.1 The one about Lost Sectors.

Activities
Removed Lost Sector throttles
Players may now only open a Lost Sector Chest once per boss defeated


Destiny 2 Update - 1/30/2018
Destiny Update 1.1.2 - The one about Armor Masterworks

Armor Masterworks
Legendary Armor now has a chance to drop as a Masterwork
Any non-Masterwork armor may be upgraded to Masterwork for five Masterwork Cores and 20 Legendary Shards
Upgrading to Masterwork may rework the stat of the armor
Masterwork armor grants 3% damage resistance while players are in a Super state for each Masterwork armor piece equipped
Masterwork armor can have a different stat package (Heavy, Light, or Restorative) from the base armor piece
Players may rework Masterwork armor to randomly assign one of the three base packages to the armor, allowing players to reroll the stat packages on their armor piece by piece
Reworking Masterwork armor requires one Masterwork Core and 10 Legendary Shards
Like weapons, armor Masterworks have a higher drop rate from Trials of the Nine and raid activities
Raid
Benedict 99-40 now has a rotating stock of armor and weapons available each week
To unlock these items for purchase, players must complete the corresponding activity that week 
Raid encounters drop at least one armor or weapon item
Note: The Castellum and Reactor Escape encounters each drop one Legendary engram per week
Completing a Prestige version of a raid encounter prior to normal difficulty will drop both Prestige and normal rewards while also locking the weekly rewards for each activity
The last encounter of raid activities has a chance to drop a new Exotic Ghost, exclusive to the Leviathan
Raid armor has unique mods that only function within the Leviathan
Raid mods can be swapped at will for the cost of one raid token
Existing raid armor already held in inventory will automatically have the option to equip mods
All raid encounters now have a chance to grant an Exotic reward
Sandbox
Prometheus Lens
Flame Refraction perk now generates ammo instead of pulling from reserves
Increased base damage
Lucky Pants
Fixed an issue where the Illegally Modded Holster perk could provide infinite ammo
Ophideans Aspects
Fixed an issue where the Cobra Totemic perk did not function properly when using weapons with the Quickdraw perk
I Am Alive
Revised perks on the Eater of Worlds Grenade Launcher to include a second trait perk: Moving Target
Removed the Augmented Drum and High-Velocity Rounds perks
Fixed an issue where grenade projectiles could remain indefinitely after being hit by Telesto in the Crucible
Activities
Fixed an issue where warp gates did not always function when players were completing Heroic Mercury adventures
Revised the description for the Heroic adventure "De-Powered" modifier to correctly state that grenade damage is decreased when the modifier is active
Revised the description of Heroic Mercury adventures to properly state availability
Players may play up to three Heroic Mercury adventures on a given day
Each Heroic adventure may be played once per twice-weekly reset
Heroic adventures are no longer automatically selected at weekly reset
Mercury challenges are now available during adventures
Fixed an issue where new characters created after the release of Curse of Osiris were not receiving the Flashpoint milestone
Fixed an issue where scannables for Faction Rallies were not properly appearing during Faction Rallies events
Trials of the Nine now properly shows requirements when the featured map requires Curse of Osiris ownership
Revised the Lost Sector reward throttle from 10 minutes to 5 minutes
Fixed an issue where players could no longer progress during the final encounter in the Tree of Probabilities Strike
UI
Fixed an issue where Ikora would display a waypoint in error
Players in social spaces receive a notification when their Postmaster Lost and Found is full
Chest waypoints now properly appear when using Scout Reports on Mercury
Colorblind settings now apply to elements of the Gauntlet encounter of the "Leviathan" raid
Armor offered by Brother Vance now displays mod slots when previewed in the vendor inventory
Fixed an issue where players would see incorrect level-up UI when leveling up alternate characters from levels 21 through 25
Auto Rifles now correctly display perks when players are previewing weapons within the Vault
Adjusted the display order of gear sockets (mods, shaders, etc.) in the Item Details screen to be more consistent
Increased the dismantle timer for Masterwork Cores
Masterwork Weapons and Armor now display a gold border when being viewed in the Postmaster Lost and Found
Crucible players will be properly notified when Power Ammo is acquired from the Cave area of Radiant Cliffs 
Rewards
Reduced the amount of XP required to earn an Illuminated Engram from 160k to 120k
The Crossroads emblem correctly displays within Collections for players who have earned the emblem
Character models no longer flinch when spawning in to social spaces with spawn effects equipped
Updated the names of spawn effects to properly reflect their in-game appearance
Gold Spotlight Effect is now the Yellow Spotlight Effect
Blue Class Sigil Effect is now the Purple Class Sigil Effect
The New Monarchy helmet ornament icon now displays the correct helmet
The New Monarchy cloak now displays the correct imagery for female Hunters
Fixed an issue where the Future War Cult gauntlets would display floating geometry
Gunsmith engrams correctly grant weapon foundry shaders once again
Fixed an issue where Three of Coins was not increasing chances for Exotic rewards when players were completing public events on Mercury
Heroic strike completions now have a greater chance of granting Exotic rewards
Fixed an issue where Curse of Osiris strikes were not properly granting Clan engrams when featured as a Nightfall activity
Arcite-99 will now offer Gunsmith Engrams to players who have reached level 20 but have not yet completed the Red War campaign
Misc
Gleaming Boon of the Vanguard price reduced from 350 to 250 Bright Dust
Gleaming Boon of the Crucible price reduced from 750 to 600 Bright Dust
Fixed an issue where Challenges were not appearing within Quickplay
Fixed an issue where Masterwork Cores and Mod Components were not being forwarded to the Postmaster Lost and Found
Fixed an issue where Destiny 2 could crash when players were changing emotes quickly
Fixed an issue where players could not interact with vendors after fast-traveling to a social space
Fixed an issue where the belt on Lucky Raspberry was not properly attached to the character model
Fixed an issue where some Sparrow contrails could obstruct player view
Fixed an issue where the Get Up and Sneaky emotes could not be in the player inventory at the same time
Cayde now properly acknowledges player accomplishments during Mercury Flashpoint weeks when granting the Flashpoint engram, rather than asking the player about the weather on Io
Fixed an issue where Zavala would display the wrong text when granting players rewards from the Heroic Strike milestone


DESTINY 2 HOTFIX 1/16/2018
Seasonal

Players who do not own Curse of Osiris now have the ability to earn Season 2 rewards within Faction Rallies and Iron Banner


DESTINY 2 HOTFIX - 1/03/2018
Iron Banner
Players who do not own Curse of Osiris may once again access Iron Banner when available
Faction Rallies
Players who do not own Curse of Osiris may once again pledge to Factions during Faction Rally events


Destiny 2 Update - 12/12/2017
The one after Curse of Osiris.

Activities
Leviathan Raid
Brought the Prestige "Leviathan" raid back down to 300 Power, making it accessible to all players, regardless of Curse of Osiris ownership
Adjusted Prestige difficulty rewards no longer grant guaranteed 330 Power items
Adjusted the difficulty for the normal Calus encounter
Trials of the Nine
Players who do not own Curse of Osiris may now access Trials of the Nine when a Destiny 2 launch map is featured
Trophies and Achievements
Modified the achievement "The Prestige" and the associated trophy to remove the Nightfall component
This may now be completed, regardless of Curse of Osiris ownership, by completing the "Leviathan" raid on Prestige difficulty
General
Miscellaneous
Fixed an issue impacting Power level progression from level 289 to 300 for players who do not own Curse of Osiris
Fixed an issue that would prompt a Curse of Osiris purchase menu when players were attempting to acquire the Scout Report: Mercury item with insufficient Glimmer
Fixed an issue where the word "Nightfall" was not prepended to new Curse of Osiris strikes in the Nightfall Director node
Adjusted the functionality of Chest Reward Throttles
Players now receive reduced amounts of loot when opening large numbers of chests in quick succession, rather than nothing at all
Cayde's Stash chests now grant rewards via the loot stream to prevent items from disappearing into the ground
Fixed an issue where cannons on Mercury were not functioning properly for PC players when they were playing at over 60 fps
Fixed an issue that prevented the functionality of HDR settings for PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 4 Pro
Collections
Fixed an issue where players with over 84 emblems were unable to see all emblems they owned within the collection screen
User Interface
On player inspection, currency display is no longer visible
Vendor waypoints are only highlighted when players have enough tokens to earn a reward
Fixed an issue where some players could not interact with items when they had full inventory
Faction Rallies
Players can no longer loot the same chest multiple times in quick succession for Faction Rally tokens
Fixed an issue where Faction Rally tokens were not being removed at the conclusion of the event for some players
Faction Rally emblems now display the correct pledge tracker stat
Fixed an issue where Faction Rally tokens were being removed from players' inventories when the players were creating a new character
Fixed an issue where some players would not receive a Faction Rally winner discount 
Masterworks
Legendary weapons can now drop as Masterworks for characters above Power level 250
Masterworks provide bonus weapon stats and generate Orbs on multikills
Engrams
Legendary and Exotic Engram drop rates have been adjusted down for Public Events, and up for Strike and Crucible playlist activities
Reduced the chance of a Legendary engram rewarding multiple Legendary items
Xr
Xr now sells a three of coins consumable item that increases the drop chance of Exotics
Xr now sells the Fated Engram
Exotics
Fixed an issue where Vesper of Radius, the Helm of Saint-14, Graviton Forfeit, and Gemini Jester were dropping with incorrect class mods
Fixed an issue where the Prometheus Lens Exotic Trace Rifle was outputting too much damage too quickly
Fixed an issue where Exotic weapons from Curse of Osiris were mislabeled within Exotic engrams
Gift Consumables
Zavala now sells a Fireteam Gift consumable that provides rewards to the user's fireteam on strike completion
Shaxx now sells a Fireteam Gift consumable that provides rewards to all players at the end of a Crucible activity
Tess Everis sells a Fireteam Gift consumable that provides rewards to all players on Strike or Crucible activity completion 
Faction Vendors
Faction vendors now offer legendary gear for direct purchase with Legendary shards and faction tokens
Crucible
Added invisible physics to keep players from hiding in the Red Bay Box on the Pacifica map
Adjusted Power Ammo locations on the Eternity map


Destiny 2 Update - 12/5/2017
Destiny 2 Update 1.1.0 - The one about Curse of Osiris

Sandbox
Abilities

General
Increased the damage dealt to bosses from Super abilities
Adjusted the output of the Recovery stat so that characters with the lowest Recovery totals will start regenerating slightly faster

Grenades
Reduced Pulse Grenade damage slightly and toned down the intensity of camera shake and controller rumble associated with each pulse
Reduced the recharge rate of additional grenade charges beyond the first
Normalized the recharge rate of Arcbolt and Firebolt Grenades to match the other grenade archetypes
Increased damage inflicted to combatants by Flashbang Grenade, Magnetic Grenade, Suppressor Grenade, Incendiary Grenade, Fusion Grenade, Skip Grenade, Flux Grenade, Arcbolt Grenade, Swarm Grenade, Tripmine Grenade, Storm Grenade, Firebolt Grenade, Axion Bolt, and Scatter Grenade.
Titan
Fixed an issue allowing the Titan's Rally Barricade ability to generate infinite ammo for certain weapon types
Fixed an issue allowing players to chain Fist of Havoc abilities indefinitely
Decreased the distance traveled in the air with the shoulder charge ability when it is executed without a target
Increased the number of solar hammers that can be thrown during the duration of the Hammer of Sol Super ability
Extended the timer for the Hammer Strike's weaken debuff by 1 second and corrected an issue that was causing the visual effects not to represent the duration properly
The Sunspot health regeneration buff now lingers for 3 seconds after moving through a Sunspot
Tempered Metal and Sol Invictus no longer trigger off combatant solar shield detonation kills
Hunter
Arcstrider dodge now briefly breaks tracking
The base duration of Golden Gun is now the same for both paths
Shadowshot now suppresses targets immediately on a direct hit
Shadowshot no longer tethers dropships
Increased the amount of time available to fire arrows while using the Moebius Quiver upgrade of the Shadowshot Super ability
Warlock
Explosive rounds no longer receive bonus damage from Empowering rift
The Heat Rises perk no longer triggers on destructible objects 
Updated the Devour perk description to correctly indicate that the ability is triggered on kills
The Nova Bomb created by the Cataclysm upgrade maintains its initial speed for longer before slowing down
Armor

General
Hunter leg armor with Survivalist stat package now grants Recovery
Exotic Amor
Mask of the Quiet One no longer grants energy when the wearer takes damage from friendly players
Shield Bash now triggers the Dreaded Visage perk on Mask of the Quiet One
Slightly increased the damage dealt by ACD/0 Feedback Fence
Kills with the Fury Conductors perk on ACD.0 Feedback Fence now show correct icon in the kill feed
Adjusted the grenade recharge granted by Starfire Protocol to compensate for the global decrease in the second grenade recharge rate
Improved ready and stow speed on Peacekeepers
Added an additional perk to Lucky Pants that loads a single bullet to the chamber of a stowed Hand Cannon whenever the player scores a precision hit with any weapon
Reworked Karnstein Armlets in two ways: on a melee hit, the armlets now provide heightened Mobility and Recovery and highlight low-health targets; and scoring a melee kill immediately restores a significant amount of the wearer's health
Fixed an issue with Dunemarchers where the Linear Actuators perk was not triggering consistently
Weapons

General
Increased the base damage and reduced the precision modifier of Precision Auto Rifles
Slightly reduced the aim deflection of High-Caliber Rounds on Auto Rifles and Scout Rifles
Reduced the effectiveness of Aim Assist at higher ranges on Scout Rifles
Reduced severity of recoil on Hakke High-Impact Auto Rifles
Hand Cannon accuracy recovery now scales with rate of fire
Improved base Aim Assist on aggressive Hand Cannons
Slightly increased the rate of fire time between bursts on all Omolon Sidearms
Slightly increased impact damage on lightweight single-shot Grenade Launchers
Fixed an issue with the Tireless Blade Sword perk where players could sometimes get sword ammo from an unpowered sword attack
Fixed an issue where the Infinite Guard perk would drain ammo when guarding in a Healing Rift
The Relentless Strikes sword perk no longer returns ammo on heavy attacks
When comparing Sniper Rifle stats the UI correctly updates for maximum magazine values
Fixed an issue with Ambitious Assassin to make it more consistent
Exotic Weapons
Increased Fighting Lion damage and changed Thin the Herd perk to now grant bonus ammo rather than pulling ammo from the player inventory
Shooting destructible objects with Graviton Lance, Sunshot, Merciless, Sturm, and Drang no longer trigger the Exotic weapon perks
Fixed an issue with D.A.R.C.I's Target Acquired perk to make it more consistent
Activities
Raid

The Leviathan raid now has a recommended Power of 300
The Prestige Leviathan raid now has a recommended Power of 330
Fixed an issue causing Cabal corpses to float in mid-air
Fixed an issue in the nightmare realm of the Calus encounter 
Fixed an issue where Raid Keys could be removed from inventory when players create a new character
Raid Keys will once again reset alongside Checkpoints each week
Players traveling to the Leviathan now see proper spaceflight
PvP

Fixed cases where players could get out of the intended playable area on a number of maps
The Hot Streak challenge no longer progresses for the opposing team
The Capture 5 Zones challenge now progresses for zones captured by allies and requires increased numbers of captures for completion
Advantage and Domination stats now accumulate on assists
Fixed an issue causing previous kill to repeat in the kill feed prior to a new kill when a player obtains a kill streak
Increased the rate of Rare rewards upon match completion in Quickplay and Competitive playlists
Increased the rate of Legendary rewards upon match completion in Quickplay and Competitive playlists
Increased XP rewards upon match completion in Quickplay and Competitive playlists
Strikes

Nightfall strikes now have a recommended Power of 270 
Prestige Nightfall strikes now have a recommended Power of 330
Fixed an issue in Savathun's Song where a crystal would fail to spawn blocking progression
Fixed an issue in the Inverted Spire where in some cases players who died had no valid spawn location
Increased Glimmer earned from strike completions
Increased XP rewards earned from strike completions
Public Events

Fixed an issue where sometimes the Prime Ether Servitor would not spawn during the Ether Resupply public events
Fixed an issue where the Cabal Gladiators would sometimes have horrific arm elasticity when being defeated during Cabal Drill public events
Reduced the XP rewards of some public events to bring them more in line with other activities
Reduced Glimmer earned from some public events to better balance them with their counterparts
Reduced the rate of Rare rewards to bring them more in line with other activities
Increased the rate of Legendary rewards from public events for level 20+ characters
Guided Games

Leviathan Guided Games now have a recommended Power of 310
Nightfall Guided Games now have a recommended Power of 270
Improved clarity on Guide selection screen in Guided Games
Full clans can now queue as guides for Guided Games
Faction Rallies

Fixed an issue where the Tower would not properly load Faction Victory Flags for players who were in orbit when the flags were applied
Fixed an issue preventing some players from pledging to a faction during Faction Rallies
Fixed an issue where faction tokens stored within the Vault were not properly wiped between Faction Rally events
Iron Banner

Fixed anissue where Lord Saladin would sometimes refer to Guardians by the wrong class
Trials of the Nine

Fixed an issue where players could sometimes become stuck in the Third Spire when attempting to visit the Flawless space
Fixed an issue where the Trials of the Nine tooltip displayed the wrong fireteam requirements
Fixed an issuewhere some emotes would not play correctly during the intro cinematic
General
UI
Fixed the missing buff icon when "The Floor Is Lava" challenge is completed
Fixed an issue causing level-up notifications to persist on-screen during Crucible matches
Fixed an issue preventing eligible Exotic infusion material from displaying properly in the infusion screen
Reduced the frequency of the "HUD Disabled" warning shown when the HUD is turned off via the HUD Opacity setting
Fixed an issue causing the player indicator on the destination map to be incorrectly positioned while the player is dead
The flashing nameplate indicator for a player who is unable to launch an activity now displays appropriately to all fireteam members
Fixed an issue where notifications could be dismissed by bringing up the character screen
Fixed legibility issues with waypoint icons and text that were using the same color
Fixed an issue causing "No Kinetic Ammo" to briefly appear when a player was swapping weapons
Fixed an issue where loot stream notifications would hide Challenges
Orbit PGCR correctly displays player tooltip information
Fixed an issue where players would be told they owned the Sturm Symbiosis ornament, even when they did not
Fixed an issue where "Competitive" was misspelled on the Give Them War emblem
Fixed an issue where players would sometimes be prevented from dismantling gear

4K and HDR Support
Upgraded resolution to adaptive 4K with high dynamic range lighting on the PlayStation 4 Pro
Upgraded resolution to 4K with high dynamic range lighting on the Xbox One X

Audio
Fixed an issue causing music to fail to play when players were completing the same adventure back-to-back
Fixed firing audio for the Hoosegow Rocket Launcher
Fixed an audio issue in the Memorialization replay sequence

PC
Players can now exit the game using a controller
Players can now keybind to the NumPad when NumLock is active
The scroll wheel now works on gear lore tabs
Fixed crashing in the New Pacific Arcology area of Titan
Fixed a source of random crashes
Fixed an issue that prevented fullscreen mode from working properly in rare situations
Improvedthe accuracy of the in game framerate counter under fluctuating framerates on PC
Fixed an issue where Destiny 2 would crash upon shutdown
Improved font texture handling to address cases of stuttering or hitching
Fixed an issue where some SLI configurations would cause framerate stuttering

Miscellaneous
Fixed an issue where open-world vendors would not load properly, resulting in a crash
Fixed an issue where two players on the same network could crash when leaving an area simultaneously
Fixed an issue where players would sometimes be launched into the wrong activity
Fixed an issue where hitching would occur when traditional Chinese language was selected
Added secondary and tertiary sorting methods for the Vault
Fixed an issue that could result in Beetle errors
Fixed an issue where Loot-a-Palooza and Dance Party keys did not recover to the Postmaster
Fixed an issue causing improper lighting on player ships when flying to destinations
Fixed many cases where players could get out of the environment in various destinations
Fixed an issue causing Louis to jitter erratically
Fixed an issue where the camera would rotate awkwardly upon character respawn
Added missing Omolon emblem to Gunsmith rewards
Destiny Companion
iOS / Android
Updated for the Curse of Osiris expansion
Players can now see and share Game History details from their profile page
Added the ability to retrieve items from the Postmaster and Gear section
General bug fixes
Improved localization


Destiny 2 PC Hotfix - 11/16/2017
The one about Buffalo

General

Resolved an issue that was causing additional Buffalo errors on PC


Destiny 2 Hotfix - 11/16/2017
The one before Curse of Osiris. 

General
Added Curse of Osiris announcement
Fixed an issue with Venture Capital Clan Perk erroneously awarding Faction Rally tokens
Fixed a rare crash with the Taken Blight Public Event
Companion
Android
Added Factions and Collections to the Progress section
Improved help search

iOS
Added Factions and Collections to the Progress section
Improved help search

Web

Improved help search


Destiny 2 Hotfix - 11/6/17
1.0.6.2 The about hitches

The following update was applied only to the PC version of Destiny 2.

Fixed an issue, introduced with 1.0.6.1 patch, causing periodic hitches during gameplay for some players


Destiny 2 Hotfix - 11/2/2017
1.0.6 The one about Crucible scoring changes.

General
Fixed an issue with collision detection on the Bureaucratic Walk Emote
Fixed an issue causing players to encounter empty public spaces too often in free roam
Fixed an issue causing players to be kicked to Orbit
Faction Rallies
Strikes now reward Faction Tokens at a range of 5 to 9 Faction Tokens per completion (up from 3 to 7) 
Nightfall now rewards 10 to 18 Faction Tokens on first completion per character 
Completing Heroic Public Events now rewards 5 Faction Tokens (down from 8)
Destroying enemy resources no longer rewards Faction Tokens
Opening Lost Sector chests now rewards 3 Faction Tokens for each fireteam member
Crucible
Updated Mercy Rule settings to allow Mercy to activate slightly later in the match, allowing a wider range of scores to trigger it
Clash
Reduced score limit to 50 (was 75)
Control
Reduced score limit to 90 (was 100)
Reduced influence that enemy-controlled zones exert over the spawning system
Survival
Reduced round time limit to 2 mins (down from 3)
Reduced life count to 6 (down from 8)
Supremacy
Increased score-to-win to 70 (up from 50)
We now grant one point for defeating an enemy Guardian
Adjusted the influence enemy crests have on the spawning system
Companion
Android
Improved performance across the app and particularly on the Gear and Progress sections
Improved screen state preservation after rotation
Added the ability to look up Clans by name (exact matches only)
Added suggested Clans to the 'Browse Clans' screen
iOS
Added suggested Clans to the 'Browse Clans' screen
1.0.6.1 The one about Clan rosters.

PC Version

Fixed an issue where Clan rosters were not showing properly
Fixed an issue causing gradual performance degradation over time


Destiny 2 Hotfix - 10/30/2017
1.0.5.1 The one about removing SSSE3 processor requirements.

PC Version

Removed SSSE3 processor requirement to allow for unsupported CPUs like the AMD Phenom II to run Destiny 2


Destiny 2 - Hotfix 1.0.5
1.0.5 The one about raid keys.

General
To avoid erroneous removal of raid keys, they will no longer be removed upon hitting the weekly reset
Raid keys are also no longer removed upon creating a new character
Raid keys are also no longer removed upon logging into alts for the first time in a new week
Fixed an issue where a kinetic weapon would always be equipped after certain supers expired
Fixed an issue where Nessus scout reports would not add waypoints to certain chests
Companion
Android
Fix for some Milestones not showing in the Progress section
Fix for English text showing in the Gear section for non-English languages


iOS
Added the ability to look up clans by name (exact matches only)
Fix for some Milestones not showing their name and icon


Web
Added the ability to look up clans by name


DESTINY 2 HOTFIX - 10/11/2017
1.0.3.2 The one about Tower crashes.

General
Fixed an issue that was causing crashes while loading into the Tower


Destiny 2 Hotfix - 10/3/2017
1.0.3.1 The one with more post-launch housekeeping.

Items
Fixed an issue in which players could lose access to the Veteran's Transmat Effect by deleting characters
Fixed an issue in which clan engrams would grant Trials of the Nine and raid rewards at only 10 Power
Fixed an issue in which the action button on Faction Rallies emblems displayed Discard instead of Store
Quests
Fixed an issue in which progress for the Exotic Quest Step "His Highness's Seal" was not incrementing properly
Raid
Fixed an issue in which raid milestones would not show for some players after the weekly reset (This didn't affect any raid rewards)
Fixed an issue in which players could enter a state where they are continuously killed if they finish a raid encounter at the exact moment of failure
Crucible
Added invisible physics and kill volumes to keep players inside the intended playable area on the following maps: 
Eternity
Altar of Flame
Emperor's Respite
Legion's Gulch
Javelin-4
The Dead Cliffs
Added invisible physics to all stairs in The Dead Cliffs to allow grenades to bounce properly
Adjusted spawning system values to reduce the frequency of players respawning into dangerous situations on all maps


Destiny 2 Update - 09/25/2017
1.0.3 The one about Faction Rallies.

Faction Rallies
Pledge to a faction Vendor
Pledging places a buff on the player character for the duration of the event associating the character with the faction
Earn faction Reputation tokens
By Destroying Enemy resources in Lost Sectors, completing public events, completing strikes, completing Crucible matches, and the Leviathan raid
Turn tokens in for reward packages
Earn faction themed rewards from your faction
Help your faction win
The faction with the most rank ups across the game will sell a new weapon at a discount for faction members 
UI
Fixed an issue in which Hunters with a specific amount of health would see their health bar on the HUD at all times
Activities
Fixed issue in the raid that granted resurrection tokens unintentionally to players joining encounters in progress
Fixed an issue in which killing the first Minotaur too quickly in the Unbreakable Adventure would result in progression being blocked
Clans
Fixed an issue where clan XP was not being granted for completing public events
Fixed an issue preventing some players from receiving weekly clan engrams
Players who leave a clan will still not be eligible for clan rewards that week
Eververse
Fixed an issue in which Bright engrams would show 'Requires Level 20' if a player hadn't accepted all Leveling Rewards from Tess after reaching level 20
Fixed an issue in which the action button on weapon ornaments displayed Discard instead of Unlock
Crucible
Call to Arms
Reduced the amount needed to complete the milestone to align it with other weekly milestones

Midtown
Adjusted Clash & Supremacy power ammo locations 
Added invisible physics volumes to keep players from leaving the intended playable space

Eternity
Added a soft-kill volume to keep players from hiding on the edge of the map
Dead players' Ghosts will no longer appear in the "Fork" location
General
Fixed an issue in which players in the Tower could sometimes fail to load gear
Fixed a crash when signing out of Destiny 2
Companion
Android
Fixed an issue in which the gear search button was covering item actions
Fixed an issue in which Ghosts were not showing in character gear
Added a filter and member count in the clan roster

iOS
Fixed an issue in the way gear power was sorted when including items that don't have power

Web
When you close an explore item in trending, the page no longer refreshes
Paging update in search


Destiny 2 Hotfix - 9/18/17
1.0.1.3 The one about post launch fixes.

Items
Fixed an issue that caused players to not receive Man O' War Linear Fusion Rifle Quest Reward when they have a full weapon inventory
Players can obtain their missing Man O' War from Asher Mir on IO
UI
Fixed an issue where the Prism modifier did not persistently display the currently featured element 
Prism will now display a brief screen effect when the element changes to increase visibility
This will also resolve an issue impacting the Momentum modifier
General
Fixed an issue where a Raid object was receiving an unintended amount of damage from Wardcliff Coil
Fixed an issue where completing a Meditation before selecting it from Ikora would hide that Meditation and prevent players from completing it receiving appropriate rewards.
Fixed a rare memory leak that would result in a Matchmaking crash


DESTINY 2 HOTFIX - 9/12/17
1.0.2.1 The one about Clan rosters.

Clans
Fixed an issue that caused Clan Rosters to not be displayed in game
Items
Fixed an issue that caused players to not receive MIDA Mini-Tool when they have a full weapon inventory
Players can obtain their missing MIDA Mini-Tool from Devrim Kay
General
Fixed a rare memory leak that would result in a crash


Destiny Hotfix - 4/20/17
2.6.0.2 The one about Elimination matches not ending.

Raids
Fixed a crash when respawning with Knuckles of Eao active 
Crucible
Fixed an issue where the Elimination round timer was stopping indefinitely when a Guardian was killed immediately after being revived in high-latency matches
Fixed an issue where some Flawless Trials of Osiris runs prior to the Rise of Iron Release were not being counted in the Record Book
Added invisible physics to prevent players from standing outside the intended playable space on Rusted Lands
Eververse
Fixed an issue where Treasures of Ages earned from completing Activities each week were previously not stacking
Fixed an issue causing some Sterling Treasures to not drop Desolate Armor
Added change that prevents duplicate rewards of the new Ships in the Treasure of Ages
Vendors
Fixed an issue where Eris was not selling Runes for Court of Oryx
Quests
Fixed an issue where the Weekly Heroic Story Playlist was not progressing the Pushing Back the Darkness quest step of the "A Tale of Two Guardians" quest
Miscellaneous
Fixed an issue where viewing characters on Bungie.net or in 3rd party tools could cause some Record Book objectives to change state incorrectly, often resulting in a notification


Destiny Hotfix - 3/30/17
2.6.0.1 The one right after Age of Triumph.

PVP
Fixed an issue related to the networking physics of color-changing advertisements in the center staircase of Skyline and in subway cars on Last Exit
Added invisible physics and kill volumes to prevent players from leaving the intended playable space to gain an advantage on Bannerfall
Fixed an issue with Ammo options in Elimination Private Matches
Adjusted spawning on Last Exit and Floating Gardens to reduce dangerous spawns
Raids
Removed the requirements to complete normal mode of Raids before being able to access the hard mode reprisals
Vendors
Fixed an issue with Petra granting too many Class items through rank-up packages
General
Knuckles of Eao can now be moved into the Vault and transferred between characters


Destiny Update - 03/28/2017
2.6.0 The one about Age of Triumph.

Raids
A  Raid playlist is now available featuring one Raid in the director each week
Recommended Light level: 390
New Weapons, Armor, Armor Ornaments, Ghosts, Sparrows, Shaders and Emblems to discover
Players will receive one Age of Triumph Armor Ornament token for successful completion of the featured Raid (once per week per account)
All Challenge Modes are enabled on the weekly featured Raid
Players will receive one Age of Triumph Armor Ornament token for successful completion of Challenge Modes (once per character, per Challenge Mode, per week)
Players will receive a "Knuckles of Eao" by completing a featured Raid's opening encounter (once per week, per account)
Use Knuckles of Eao then defeat a Raid boss in the weekly featured playlist to receive extra rewards
Knuckles of Eao consumables stack to a maximum of 5
Three of Coins should now activate on the following bosses:
Templar
Atheon
Ir-yut
Crota
Added Challenge Modes to the following Encounters:
Atheon
Templar
Ir-yut
Crota
Fixed an issue where killing Ir-Yut would not always end the Deathsinger encounter and players would have to deal with infinitely respawning Knights
Removed a condition that prevented Fireteams of less than three from progressing past the Gorgons in the Vault of Glass
Fixed an issue where one of the door switches in the second Vosik encounter was partially obscured by the wall and difficult to hit with a SIVA Charge
Crucible
Crucible Director 
Updated core nodes to cycle between available activities on a weekly cadence:
Node 1 cycles between Control and Clash
Node 2 cycles between Rift and Supremacy
Node 3 cycles between Elimination and Trials of Osiris (on weekend only)
Node 4 cycles between Skirmish and Salvage
Node 5 cycles between Rumble and Rumble Supremacy
Weekly Featured Crucible activities consolidated into a single node
Weekly Featured activities include Combined Arms, Zone Control, Mayhem Clash, Mayhem Rumble and Doubles
Classic playlists have been removed, players who do not own Rise of Iron can now access the Weekly Featured Crucible activity
Crucible Bounties
Updated Crucible Daily Bounties to be more inclusive, no longer requiring specific Subclasses or Fireteams
Added new Weekly Crucible Weapon Bounties to the Crucible Quartermaster
Possible Weapon rewards include items from the Crucible Vendor, Crucible Playlists, Iron Banner and Trials of Osiris
Lord Shaxx will now offer his Weekly Bounty for both available 6v6 modes each week
Trials of Osiris Bounties have been updated:
Existing Bounties will remain in your inventory and can be completed to acquire their respective rewards
New versions of the Bounties will now be offered by Brother Vance and can be completed daily when Trials of Osiris is active
Armor and Weapon rewards from Bounties updated to include all non-adept Y3 items
Quests
Crucible Quest chain from Lord Shaxx has been removed, you can complete the current quest you are on but will not acquire the next quest in the chain
Iron Banner
Dusty Iron Engrams updated to decrypt immediately upon purchase
Dusty Iron Engrams now have a chance to contain Year 2 Iron Companion Armor
Iron Banner match rewards updated to include Year 2 Iron Companion Armor
Slightly increased chance for Year 1 and Year 2 armor rewards from Iron Banner matches
Support added for Iron Banner Mayhem Clash
Some vendor items on Efrideet have had their rolls updated
Trials of Osiris/Elimination
Fixed an issue where a player on the surviving team could use Fireborn to cause the round to continue even when all enemies were dead
General
Made Special Ammo crates instantly refill your Special Weapon on pickup
Disabled Join-in-Progress for Rumble playlists if any player has at least 100 points
Private Matches
Removed Power and Vehicle options, added Ammo and Respawn options that vary by mode:
Ammunition -  Default, No Special, No Heavy, No Ammo Crates
Respawns - Teammate Revives, Instant, After 3 Seconds, After 5 Seconds, After 10 Seconds
Vehicles are now enabled on maps that support them, except in Inferno modes
Round Time options adjusted for Elimination to default to 90 seconds to match the playlist setting
Maps
Fixed an issue where players were able to leave the intended playable area on Icarus and Skyline
Patrols
Fixed an issue where Plaguelands patrols were not dropping collection items
Grimoire
Grimoire card "SRL: Sparrow Racing" can now also be earned from Private Matches using the Sparrow Racing gametype
Players who have acquired the Y3 Khvostov will be awarded all Grimoire cards for the Khvostov Manual pages (including pages 1, 15, and 17) upon entering Orbit
Players will now be awarded with the Y1 Icebreaker Grimoire card upon acquiring the Y3 Icebreaker. Players who have already acquired the Y3 Icebreaker will receive the card upon entering Orbit
Sandbox
Health Regen changes:
Changes reverted:
Suros Legacy perk
No Backup Plans
Ward of Dawn cast
Apotheosis Veil
Embrace the Void
Kept the recent changes, but increased the amount of Health/Shield given per kill from 36 to 57:
Hungering Blade
Transfusion: Cooldown was also removed
Cauterize: Cooldown was also removed
Red Death perk
Lifesteal:  Also applies to The Ram
Memory of Skorri will now require a kill to start working and will charge Supers for 1 minute, or until the round ends or the player dies
Sidearms will no longer allow ammo to stack through death and instead will reset to a single magazine every respawn
Added 1 round to Truth's maximum inventory and increased its reload speed to max
Added more flinch to No Land Beyond and widened its potential recoil space  it will recoil the same amount, but not necessarily in the same direction
Recovery reduction was removed from the Blink Talent Grid Nodes and the time the player was left HUDless has been lowered
Hand Cannon range falloff now starts  ~3m earlier
Auto Rifles' minimum damage (damage done at maximum range falloff) increased by 7%
Kills with Necrochasm no longer require headshots to explode enemies (flying enemies such as Shanks and Wizards  do not explode)
Increased Recovery given by Astrocyte Verse's Move to Survive perk from +3 to +7
Fixed an issue where the Rescue Mag perk would replenish ammunition when taking self-damage
Fixed an issue where changes to the Shotgun perk Rangefinder intended with Hotfix 2.5.0.2 did not go into effect
Fixed an issue that where changes to Shotgun in-air accuracy did not go into effect
Strikes
New Nightfall modifier: Daybreak combines the Epic and Mayhem modifiers every fourth week
Nightfall blue flames and Radiant Light Reputation bonus on completion have returned
More aggressive idle player detection; now in line with Crucible Activity
Fixed an issue in The Nexus where the Aegis would be continuously deleted and respawned
Fixed an issue in The Shadow Thief where players would get the "Joining Allies" message while in the playable space during the fight with Taniks
Vendors
Increased the reputation awarded by the Gunsmith for completing weapon tests
Eris Morn now accepts Moldering Shards and charged Antiquated Runes as donations in exchange for Crota's Bane reputation
Adjusted the price of ammo synthesis for purchase from Eris Morn
Shiro-4 will now accept Isenfyre Tokens in exchange for 500 Vanguard reputation
The Crucible Quartermaster now sells ammo synthesis consumables in exchange for Hadium Flakes
Vendor items sold for Legendary Marks have had their light levels increased to 380
Vendors selling level 40 Legendary Armor and Weapons now update perks and stats at the weekly reset
This includes the following vendors:
Vanguard Mentors and Quartermaster
Crucible Quartermaster
Lord Shaxx
Dead Orbit
New Monarchy
Future War Cult
Xr now sells two new Exotic weapon bundles each week in addition to his regular weekly sale items
Each bundle costs 30 Strange Coins and 25 Silver Dust and contains 1 Exotic Weapon and 1 matching Weapon Ornament
Two new Emotes are available from the Emote Kiosk: Please and Thanks
Adjusted the rarity of certain ships available from Amanda Holliday
Silver Dust Store
Many Eververse items available from the Dawning are now available on the Silver Dust Kiosk
Sterling and Radiant Treasures have been removed from the Silver Dust Store
New Silver Dust Engram items have been added to the Silver Dust Store and their corresponding vendors for a cost of 5 Silver Dust
Items obtained from these Engrams dismantle into 1 Silver Dust:
Arena Engram - Lord Shaxx - Contains infusible Crucible Armor from Year 1 and 2
Exodus Engram - Arach Jalaal - Contains infusible Dead Orbit Armor from Year 1 and 2
Warpath Engram - Lakshmi-2 - Contains infusible Future War Cult Armor from Year 1 and 2
Unity Engram - Executor Hideo - Contains infusible New Monarchy Armor from Year 1 and 2
Triad Engram - Vanguard Mentors - Contains infusible Vanguard Armor from Year 1 and 2
Sterling Engram - Silver Dust Store - Contains Spektar Armor from Year 2's Sterling Treasure
Icy Engram - Silver Dust Store - Contains Chroma Armor from Treasures of the Dawning
Cost is 10 Silver Dust, items dismantle to 5 Silver Dust
Players who have previously obtained Dawning and Desolate Armor pieces may purchase these items from the Silver Dust Store
Eververse
Treasure of Ages is now available for purchase from Eververse
The Treasure of Ages contains existing Eververse items, as well as many new items to collect:
Shaders
Weapon Ornaments
Ships
Triumph Armor Set
Players can receive up to three free Treasure of Ages per account per week for their first completion of the following activities:
Heroic Strike playlist
Weekly Crucible playlist
Weekly Story playlist
General
Fixed an issue impacting some players' ability to join Fireteams over local network connections
Fixed an issue preventing dropped Engrams from being sent to the Postmaster if the player disconnects without returning to Orbit
Fixed a bug causing equipped Sniper Rifles to occasionally become invisible
Fixed an issue that allowed Supers to stay activated longer than intended
Twilight Garrison now changes color to match the equipped Shader
Skeleton Keys and Siva Fragments may now appear at Postmaster to prevent an issue where these items may have been removed from Character Inventory


Destiny Hotfix - 2/14/17
2.5.0.2 The one about Sandbox tuning.

Crucible
Special Ammo
Adjusted Special ammo economy in all gametypes
Players start Crucible matches with Special ammo
Special ammo is now lost upon death
Sidearms are not affected by this change
Special ammo crates now appear every 60 seconds (initial spawn and respawn)
Special ammo crates are shared with allies within 75m (down from 100m)
Special ammo timing in Mayhem is unchanged
Elimination Gametypes
Round time limit has been reduced to 90 seconds (down from 2 minutes)
Players only start with Special ammo for Round 1 in Elimination gametypes
Special ammo timing is 30s initial, then 45s respawns
Special ammo is wiped at the beginning of subsequent rounds
Weapons
Hand Cannons
Significantly increased initial accuracy (returns to Launch / Year 1)
Reduced base range to 35m from 40m
Reduced Aim Assist and Magnetism at longer ranges
Reduced minimum damage after falloff from 50% to 33%
Auto Rifles
Increased Precision Damage modifier to 1.3x (up from 1.25x)
Increased base damage of low rate of fire Auto Rifles by 2.5%
Increased in air accuracy
Pulse Rifles
Reduced rate of fire for very high rate of fire Pulse Rifles by 7.7%
Increased rate of fire for low rate of fire Pulse Rifles by 5.3%
Reduced Magazine Size of Clever Dragon and Grasp of Malok by 6
Reduced the effect of High Caliber Rounds for Pulse Rifles
Increased in air accuracy
Scout Rifles
Increased in air accuracy
Shotguns
Shotguns no longer deal precision damage
The Chaperone and Universal Remote are unaffected by this change
Note: Universal Remote only deals precision damage when ADS
Shotguns now have significantly less magnetism when fired from the hip
Shotguns now have significantly less in air accuracy
Shotguns no longer have a movement penalty
Shotguns now deal 20% more damage to combatants
Rangefinder on Shotguns now increases ADS time by 25%
Reduced Universal Remote's Magazine Size to 3 from 5
Universal Remote now takes longer to reload
Exotics
Young Wolf's Howl
Reduced "Howling Flames" ammo cost from 10 to 5
Truth
Reduced Magazine size from 3 to 1
Classes
General
Reduced Health of Guardians with Armor values above 10
Increased damage of Flux Grenade, Magnetic Grenade and Shoulder Charge to ensure effectiveness across all Armor values
Blink now disables your Radar and HUD for a short time after activation
Hunter
Throwing Knife now deals Solar Damage on impact
Hungering Blade*
Immediately starts Health regen
Restores more Health per kill
Gives a flat amount of Health/Shield per activation
Does not immediately start regenerating Shields
Bladedancer's Quick Draw Perk no longer readies your weapons instantly, but now grants a large increase to weapon handling speed
Warlock
Viper Totemic on Ophidian Aspect no longer readies your weapon instantly, but now grants a large increase to weapon handling speed
Stormcaller's Thunderstrike melee range reduced to be consistent with other Warlock Subclasses
Amplitude will continue to grant small range boost to new base range
Landfall now reduces the total time in Stormtrance
Titan
Juggernaut is now disabled after being in the air for a short time and cannot be activated while in mid air
General
Outbreak Prime no longer triggers The Corruption Spreads by shooting at Ward of Dawn
Shinobu's Vow no longer adds an additional seeker to Skip Grenades
Removed intrinsic Perks Kneepads and Icarus on some Talent grids
Fixed an issue where High Caliber Rounds were not functioning properly on Hand Cannons, Scout Rifles, Machine Guns and Sniper Rifles
*Hungering Blade changes were also inadvertently applied to the following Perks, for more information check this post
Transfusion (Striker Titan) 
Cauterize (Sunbreaker Titan) 
Lifesteal (Voidwalker Warlock) 
Red Death Perk 
Suros Legacy Perk (Suros Regime) 
No Backup Plans 
Ward of Dawn cast 
The Ram 
Apotheosis Veil 
Embrace the Void (Voidwalker Warlock) 


Destiny Hotfix - 1/17/17
2.5.0.1 The one after The Dawning

Activities
Fixed an issue where the items required to complete Plaguelands Patrols were not dropping
Economy
Fixed an issue that prevented some players from purchasing SRL Momentum gear from the Holiday Collection
Fixed an issue with the Snow Dreg and Felwinter Souvenir consumables not recovering to Postmaster
Fixed an issue where not all of Xr's Curios were being sold, including Three of Coins
Crucible
Added invisible physics and kill volumes to stop players from getting out of the intended playable space on:

Blind Watch
The Burning Shrine
Cathedral of Dusk
The Cauldron
The Drifter
The Dungeons
Exodus Blue
Floating Gardens
Frontier
Memento
Skyline
Timekeeper
Vertigo
Sandbox
Fixed an issue with the recoil stat on Abbadon and Nova Mortis


Destiny Update - 12/13/2016
2.5.0 The one about The Dawning.

General
New Quests are available in the Tower from Eva Levante, Amanda Holliday, and Commander Zavala
A new Record Book is available offering new rewards for the Winter season
Fixed an issue where some players did not receive the Student of History Trophy/Achievement or Sigil of the Young Wolf Emblem for attuning all of the Rise of Iron Artifacts
Fixed an issue where some players were unable to complete the Echoes of the Past Quest
Activities
Sparrow Racing has returned
2 new racetracks have been added to the 2 returning from last year
Bounties and Quests are available from Amanda Holliday
SRL License Quest progress has been reset and new rewards have been added
Circuit racing gear obtained from the SRL License Quest now has Light and can be infused
SRL Reputation has been reset to Rank 0
Players can obtain an SRL helmet from Amanda Holliday at Rank 3 (1 per character)
Players can obtain a Treasures of the Dawning from Amanda Holliday at Rank 5 (1 per character, max 3 per account)
SRL Racing Suits earned from SRL matches have Light and can be infused
SRL can be launched via the Weekly Featured playlist in the director
Crucible bounties and Jolly Holliday Quest can no longer be completed in Sparrow Racing
Strikes in the SIVA Crisis Playlist, SIVA Crisis Heroic Playlist, and weekly Nightfall now award Medals and feature team scoring!
Acquire new Bounties from Zavala and the Bounty Tracker to complete in any Scored Strike
3 Strikes have been reprised: The Nexus, Shadow Thief, and Will of Crota
SIVA Crisis and SIVA Crisis Heroic Playlists now include all platform-available Strikes
Dead Guardians are now automatically respawned at the end of Strikes
Fixed an issue with pathfinding that caused enemies to not properly exit their spawn locations
This prevents enemies in the Will of Crota Strike from getting stuck in their doorways
Reduced Burn effects on incoming damage done to Guardians
Outgoing damage by Guardians is unchanged
Fixed an issue in Fallen S.A.B.E.R. where the Ultra Shank teleported after it's entrance performance
Fixed an issue where Strike Streak was not applying in the SIVA Crisis Heroic Playlist correctly
Fixed an issue where the Hoard Chest on Echo Chamber could become stuck behind an invisible barrier
Increased time for presenting Archon's Forge offerings to the encounter starting from 5 to 10 seconds
Iron Lord Bounties requiring Archon's Forge completions now influence the type of Forge offerings that drop
Forge offerings will be more likely to drop with the combatant type to match the Iron Lord bounties in the player's inventory
Reduced Shields for Bosses in Perfected Shank offerings
Collections
The Circuit and Momentum SRL racing gear sets have been added to the Holiday Collection for players who have earned these items
Circuit and Momentum Racing gear obtained from the Collection has Light and can be infused
Class items have Light and Perks and require Legendary Marks to purchase
Ghost Ghost and Deviled Ghost have been added to the Holiday Collection for players who have obtained these items
Players can pay Legendary Marks to re-purchase these items with random stats and Perks
Two new Emotes, "Proposal" and "Whoa There", can now be withdrawn by everyone from the Emote Collection
Vendors
Xr
Xr once again sells Exotic Shards
Xr no longer sells Exotic Weapon Ornaments
Xr now sells a larger stack of 10 Heavy Ammo synths
Eververse
Eververse has received a stock of new items
Treasures of the Dawning are now available and contain new Sparrows, Ornaments, Horns, Armor, and Consumables
Players can receive one free Treasures of the Dawning each week by completing their first weekly Heroic Strike
Completing a Dawning set from Treasures of the Dawning on one class will grant the "EV-53 Glimmergold" Sparrow and the "Sunglow" Shader
Nine new winter Emotes are available for sale for the winter season
Rise of Iron's fall Emotes have been added to the direct purchase Emote rotation on Eververse
Silver Dust Store
A new Silver Dust Store has been added to the Tower. It is a Collection that can be found in the Tower, between Eververse and the Postmaster
This Collection sells a selection of past season items for direct purchase for Silver Dust, including Exotic Weapon Ornaments
The Silver Dust cost to apply Exotic Weapon Ornaments has been removed.
Silver Dust has been removed from Radiant Treasures, but still may be obtained by dismantling Exotic Weapon Ornaments
Economy

The free weekly Radiant Treasure has been moved to the first weekly PVP match completion.
Characters who are level 40 will now automatically convert Uncommon Engrams(Green) to Weapon and Armor Materials on pickup
New Bounties are available from Petra to assist players in gaining Queen's Wrath Reputation
Class items obtained from Queen's Wrath packages now correctly display their stats
Fixed an issue where Year 3 Faction Class Items were not properly contributing to Faction specific Quests
Players can now purchase Wormspore from the Vanguard Quartermaster
Brother Vance now offers materials exchange for Passage Coins and Motes of Light
Skeleton Keys have been adjusted:
Skeleton Keys drop rates have been slightly increased in the SIVA Crisis playlist, SIVA Crisis Heroic playlist, and weekly Nightfall
Players will now receive a Skeleton Key for their first account Nightfall clear per week
Subclass Quest class items can now be repurchased from the Speaker once earned
Legendary Weapons obtained from the Gunsmith's Rank 2 Quest can now be repurchased from the Gunsmith
Crucible
Maps
Fixed an issue where players could become stuck in Vex geometry on The Burning Shrine
Gametypes
Added ability for players to "wave off" heavy ammo if EVERYONE in the match does the 'Wave' Emote in the first 30 seconds of a round
Fixed an issue where the end-of-round countdown could play twice if the round tied in Elimination
Inferno Rift and Inferno Zone Control modes added to Private Matches
Supremacy score to win is now 120
Rumble Supremacy score to win is now 40
Supremacy Mercy spread is now 20-60, down from 30-90
Slight reduction of Super energy gain in Supremacy modes
Playlists
Icarus has been removed from the Rift playlist
Record Book
Fixed an issue where Supremacy mode variants were not counting towards Record Book completion
Bounties
Iron Banner Bounty Iron Marathon now correctly awards 10 points for a win instead of 15
Iron Banner Bounty Iron Support no longer credits you with assists that any nearby player earns
Fixed an issue where the Highest Score Crucible Bounty did not work in Supremacy
Lord Shaxx no longer requires players to complete The Mountaintop before offering his Weekly Crucible Bounties
Rewards
Increased the drop rate for Trials of Osiris vanity items
Fixed a issue where the Trials of Osiris Shader "The Devoted" was not obtainable
Increased the drop rate for Iron Banner vanity items and Artifacts
Completing a Daily Featured Crucible activity now rewards 3 Passage Coins (up from 1)
Completing a Weekly Featured Crucible activity now rewards 3 Passage Coins (up to 3 times per week)
Fixed an issue where the Crucible Sparrow S-39 Lightrider was not available through Crucible Reputation Packages 
Added vanity items and Ghost Shells to Crucible PGCR drops:
Ghosts: Crimson Shell, Sugary Shell
Emblem: Crimson Crest
Shaders: Rosebright, Valentine
Added select Year 2 Crucible Legendary Weapons back to core PGCR drops:
Red Spectre
NL Shadow 701X
The Ash Factory
Eyasluna
Party Crasher +1
Grimoire
Fixed an issue where the "Efrideet" Grimoire Card was not awarded upon viewing the Iron Banner Efrideet cinematic
If you have already viewed this cinematic, the card will be awarded upon entering orbit
Fixed an issue where the "Beauty in Destruction" Grimoire Card was not being rewarded for completing the "Beauty in Destruction" questline
If you have already obtained the Year 3 Gjallarhorn, the card will be awarded upon entering orbit
Fixed an issue where Grimoire Cards associated with Khvostov Manual Pages were not being awarded, including the final page
If you have already completed the "We Found a Rifle" Questline and acquired the Y3 Khvostov, these cards will be awarded upon entering orbit
Fixed an issue where Grimoire Cards for Year 1 Thorn and Year 1 Gjallarhorn were not being awarded when receiving their Year 3 counterparts
Fixed an issue where Grimoire cards awarded when picking up Dormant SIVA Clusters were awarding Grimoire score for each character who picked them up
You will now appropriately only receive Grimoire score credit once per account per card
Picking up Dormant SIVA Clusters will now appropriately award their corresponding card
Cards will be awarded upon entering orbit for Dormant SIVA Clusters that have already been picked up
Fixed an issue where Grimoire Cards for Crucible maps were not consistently unlocking when players spawned in Private Matches


Destiny Hotfix - 11/08/16
2.4.1.1 The one about Engrams.

Activities
Strikes
Fixed an issue where The Taken Archon Priest in the Winter's Run Strike was not dropping Skeleton Keys at the intended rate
Crucible
Maps
Fixed an issue where players were able to access the rooftops on Skyline
Items
Fixed an issue where Rise of Iron Vanguard and Crucible weapons were not decrypting from Engrams
Fixed an issue where Comitatus was continuing to not drop properly from Faction Packages for players who own Kondratyuk's Escape
Fixed an issue where Armor decrypted from Dusty Iron Engrams was dismantling into Legendary Marks
It will now dismantle into 1 Silver Dust
Removed Silver Dust cost to apply Iron Lord, Trials of Osiris, and Heroic Mode Raid Armor Ornaments
Players will now earn SIVA Key Fragments at an overall increased rate
The first time a Raid boss is killed on Normal difficulty they will drop three SIVA Key Fragments. For the next kill that week, they will drop two, and then one for the third kill that week
After the fourth or greater kill, the boss will no longer drop SIVA Key Fragments for the week
The same behavior will occur for killing Heroic bosses


Destiny Update - 10/18/16
2.4.1 The one about Economy changes.

Items
General
Horn Relays from Sparrow Racing League are no longer used to upgrade Rare Quality Horns
These items can be discarded
All players will receive 15 Silver Dust as compensation for this change to Horn Relays
Fixed an issue where Rare Special Weapon Engrams would sometimes decrypt into Legendary Primary Weapons
Gjallar Horn will no longer dismantle into a Horn Relay
Fixed an issue where Agonarch Runes were not charging due to the same Taken Major spawning in the Dreadnaught Patrol
Fixed an issue where the Consumed Ghost Shell did not properly display its spines
Fixed an issue where Comitatus was not dropping properly from Faction Packages for players who own Kondratyuk's Escape
Fixed an issue where some players were not receiving SIVA Key Fragments from Raid bosses in Wrath of the Machine
1 SIVA Key Fragment will now drop from Normal Mode bosses
2 SIVA Key Fragments will now drop from Heroic Mode bosses
SIVA Key Fragments will drop on each boss kill even if players have already completed the Raid that week
Several items from 2015 events have been removed:
Flimsy Masks 
Gifts of the Lost 
Fruit Motes, Glimmer Chew, Salty Engram, Sour Engram, Sugary Engram, Chocolate Strange Coins, Void Fizz
Paper Scraps
Crumpled Masks
Rare Quality Sparrow Horns
Paper Glue from Festival of the Lost 2015 now shards into 1 Silver Dust
Collections
A new Holiday Collection is now available to allow you to reclaim your Festival of the Lost Masks
The Sparrow Collection will now allow you to reclaim your Legendary Sparrow Horns
Crucible Emblems have been split into two new categories: Crucible and Trials of Osiris
The Shaders Iris Germanica, Mercurial Dawn, Surfbreaker, Nebula Glow, Sulfur Burnish, and Electric Aquarius can now be used and seen in the Shader Collection by all three Classes
Fixed issue in which two instances of Apotheosis Veil Helmet would appear in the Exotic Armor Collection
PVP
Inferno Elimination is now available in Private Matches
Fixed an issue where Changing Subclasses in Orbit for a PvP activity would reset Melee and Grenade charges
Fixed an issue where players were able to get under the stairs on the Drifter map
Fixed an issue where the Iron Banner Support Bounty was not awarding 5 points for Allies Defended
The Lighthouse on Mercury is now a social space that can accommodate up to 9 players with a Flawless Trials Passage
Vendors
Fixed an issue where uncommon Warlock Bonds were being sent to the Postmaster for recovery
Eververse
Reputation Boosters can now be purchased for Silver Dust as well as Silver
Economy
Fixed an issue where the Trespasser did not require an Exotic Shard to Infuse
All changes to increase Light above 385 will take effect upon the release of Heroic Mode for Wrath of the Machine
Activities
The SIVA Strike Playlist will now drop rewards up to 365 Light
The Heroic SIVA Strike Playlist will now drop rewards up to 385 Light
Archon's Forge can now drop rewards up to 385 Light
Archon's Forge can now drop Ghosts and Artifacts up to 400 Light
Trials of Osiris, Iron Banner, Crucible, and Strike Hoards will now provide drops up to 400 Light
Wrath of the Machine, Trials of Osiris, and Iron Banner will now attempt to reward higher Light items on average
Packages
Vanguard, Crucible, and Faction packages will now provide drops up to 390 Light
Increased chance of Artifacts from Crota's Bane Reputation Packages
Increased chance of Ghosts from New Monarchy, Dead Orbit, Future War Cult, Vanguard, and Crucible Reputation Packages
Engrams
Rare Engrams will now decrypt up to 365 Light
Legendary Engrams will now decrypt up to 385 Light
Exotic Engrams will now decrypt up to 400 Light
Weapons
Fixed an issue that caused Firefly to activate many, many more times than intended causing a crash
Armor
Exotics
The following Exotic Armor no longer require Rise of Iron and can be acquired through Exotic Engrams:
Astrocyte Verse (Warlock Helm)
Ophidium Aspect (Warlock Gauntlets)
Thagomizers (Titan Gauntlets)
Adjusted the Rapid Cooldown perk on the Fr0st-EE5 Hunter Exotic Legs to no longer interfere with the base cooldown provided by stats
UI
Fixed an issue with the Roster previews for the following Emblems:
Memories of Iron
Shield of the City
Eververse sections for Emotes now displayed as Emotes I and Emotes II
Fixed an issue where the Taken War Heroic Strikes Playlist tooltip incorrectly displayed +10 Legendary Marks as a reward
Fixed an issue where the Weekly Heroic Strike node was not updating with the Weekly Reset
Fixed an issue where the Heroic SIVA Crisis Playlist was not counting towards the "Take a Strike" Record in the Rise of Iron Record Book


Destiny Hotfix - 09/29/16
2.4.0.3 - The one about Strikes.

As a follow up to the launch of Destiny: Rise of Iron, we're making some changes to address issues that have become apparent throughout the first week of gameplay.

Activities
Strikes
Fixed an issue where the Abomination Heist Strike was not dropping rewards with the correct Light
Fixed an issue where the Winter's Run Strike was not dropping rewards with the correct Light
Fixed an issue where the Echo Chamber Strike was appearing in the wrong playlist
Omnigul will now drop rewards once during a Strike and will require the Strike to be finished to drop additional rewards
Archon's Forge
Quarantine Patrols will now always drop an Archon's Forge Offering upon killing the Splicer Priest in the second phase of the Activity
Archon's Forge has a higher chance to drop Offerings upon completion
Items
Fixed an issue where players who completed the "Beauty in Destruction" Questline did not receive a Gjallarhorn
Players can retrieve their Gjallarhorn from the Weapon Blueprint Collection on the Year 1 tab
Fixed an issue where Vanguard Reputation Boosters were not working in the SIVA Crisis Strike Playlist


Destiny: Rise of Iron
Destiny: Rise of Iron - The one with Iron Lords.

General

Rise of Iron campaign unlocked
Requires Destiny: Rise of Iron and minimum Character Level 40
Max Light increased to 385
New Vanguard & Crucible Bounties are now available
Year 2 Moments of Triumph will end at 10:00am PDT on 9/20/16 and cannot be progressed
Activities

Daily Heroics
Will now include selections from Year 1, Year 2, and Year 3
Increase Light to 350
Vanguard Strike Playlists
Vanguard Playlist is now called The Taken War Strike Playlist but is otherwise unchanged
The SIVA Crisis Playlist consists of Taken King and Rise of Iron Strikes at 320 Light
The Taken War Heroic Strike Playlist is available for players who have not purchased Rise of Iron and is accessible in the Vanguard Strike Playlist page
No longer rewards Vanguard Marks
The SIVA Crisis Heroic Strike Playlist is now available to players who have purchased Rise of Iron
This Playlist replaces the Taken War Heroic Playlist in the Vanguard Strike Playlist
This Playlist is also the Weekly Heroic Strike featured Playlist
Recommended 350 Light
Nightfall
Requires Rise of Iron
Recommended 360 Light
Economy

Activities
Normal Strikes will now grant rewards up to 340 Light
Heroic Strikes will now grant rewards up to 365 Light
Strike-specific Skeleton Keys now drop in the Nightfall Strike and the SIVA Crisis Heroic and Taken War Strike Playlists
Skeleton Keys allow you to open Strike Hoards to guarantee a Strike-unique reward
Strike unique rewards will now drop up to 385 Light
Nightfall will now reward the player with Ghosts less often so other rewards will drop more often
Players can receive one free Radiant Treasure per account through their first Heroic Strike Playlist completion per week
Variks will now grant Weapons and Armor for Challenge of the Elders scorecard completions up to 365 Light
Engrams

Fixed an issue where, after enough kills were accumulated, players would never see Uncommon item drops again
This resulted in players being starved of weapon and armor materials
Uncommon drops will be in addition to, not in place of, Rare and Legendary drops
Rare and Legendary Engrams will now attempt to give you rewards equal to or higher than your current Light
Rare Engrams can now decode up to 340 Light
Legendary Engrams can now decode up to 365 Light
Legendary Engram Light value will slow from their fast progress at 350, up to 365
Within that range, Engrams will grant the player something with higher Light about half the time
Exotic Engrams can now decode up to 385 Light
Faction Packages

Faction Packages now drop items up to 385 Light
Fixed an issue where vanity items (Ships, Sparrows, Shaders) were dropping less frequently than intended
Queen's Wrath faction packages now contain Queen's Guard armor and Chasing Infinity
Previews have been added for the Queen's Wrath and Crota's Bane Factions
House of Judgment Faction Packages now grant a Weapon each time
House of Judgment Class Items now drop in addition to Weapons rather than in place of
Dead Orbit, New Monarchy, Future War Cult, Vanguard, and Crucible Packages now allow the player to choose one of three options: Weapons, Armor, or Chroma Armor
New Faction Ghosts and Sparrows have been added to these Packages
They can be found in all three Package selections (Weapons, Armor, and Chroma Armor)
TTK Armor and Weapons have been removed from the Faction Packages and are replaced with new ROI Weapons and Armor
The following Weapons will remain in their respective Faction Packages (Crucible and Vanguard):
Shadow Price
Badger CCL
Lord High Fixer
Grim Citizen III
The Saterienne Rapier
The Devil You Know
The Swarm
Zombie Apocalypse WF47
LDR 5001
Y-09 Longbow Synthesis
Two to the Morgue
The Comedian
Armsday/Gunsmith
Removed the SUROS TSR-10 Rocket Launcher Test Weapon that required Crucible kills
Removed the Hkke Test-A Shotgun Test weapon that required Crucible kills
Vendors
Vendor items purchased for Legendary Marks have been increased to 350 Light
Xur's exotics for sale have been increased to 350 Light
Xur now sells two Exotic Weapon Ornaments per week for Silver Dust
Xur can now carry Legacy Boot Engrams
Items
Year 1 Class Items are now available as new Rise of Iron Legendary Class Items. This does not include Year 1 Raid Class items. The new Class Items are found in the following locations:
Strike Hoards
Crucible End of Match Rewards
Legendary Engrams
Iron Banner
Trials of Osiris
Faction Packages
Rise of Iron Vendors
22 Exotic Weapon Ornaments have been added
Applying an Exotic Weapon Ornament has a cost of the Exotic Weapon Ornament and 1 Silver Dust
Players who have obtained Laurels can apply them to their corresponding Armor set to unlock Armor Ornaments
Armor Ornaments cost 1-2 Laurels plus 5 Silver Dust to apply
Trials of Osiris Laurels can be obtained from Trials Flawless Chests, 1 per character per week
Raid Laurels can be obtained from the Heroic Raid challenge modes, 1 per character per week
Iron Lord Laurels can be obtained from Radiant Treasures. Additionally, players will obtain one Iron Lord Laurel from the Rise of Iron Record Book
Record Books now appear in their own section on the character progress UI screen
Eververse
Silver Dust is now available
Obtained from Radiant Treasures and by sharding Exotic Weapon Ornaments
Used to purchase unique Eververse items, purchase Chroma from Eva Levante, purchase Iron Engrams from Lord Saladin, and apply Ornaments to Armor and Weapons
New Emotes have been added to the Eververse Store
April Update Emotes have been removed from the store and added to the new "Spring 2016 Emotes" bag
Radiant Treasures can now be purchased from the Eververse store
Radiant Treasures contain Exotic Weapon Ornaments and Vanity Items
Reputation Boosters are now available for direct purchase on the store
Crucible

Private Matches
Rise of Iron Maps and Modes are now available (Requires Destiny: Rise of Iron)
Playlists
Supremacy, Clash, Control, Rift, Skirmish, Rumble are now core Playlists
Elimination will be available every day of the week until Trials of Osiris returns on 9/30
Rise of Iron Crucible Maps Floating Gardens, Last Exit, Skyline, Icarus (PS Exclusive) added to core playlists with strong weightings to feature them (these will normalize over the course of a few weeks)
The Taken King Crucible maps added to Classic playlists (These are now free for anyone who owns the base game)
Rotating featured playlists updated to include Rumble Supremacy, Inferno Supremacy, Salvage, and Combined Arms
Rewards
Core playlists now reward a new collection of Crucible Legendary Weapons:
Hex Caster ARC
77 Wizard
Ill Will
Unending Deluge III
Hopscotch Pilgrim
Steel Oracle Z-11
Cryptic Dragon
Matador 64
20/20 AMR7
Classic playlists now reward the Year 2 collection of Crucible Legendary Weapons
Red Spectre
Eyasluna
In Times of Need
Split Shifter Pro
The Revelator
The Ash Factory
Party Crasher +1
Spare Change.25
NL Shadow 701X
Crucible Class Items added to the Crucible Legendary loot pool
Crucible Legendary drop rates slightly increased
Quests and Bounties
New Supremacy Quest is available from Lord Shaxx
New Supremacy Bounties are now available when Supremacy is the daily featured playlist
Shaxx Weekly Bounty design has changed and now features a single multi-objective Bounty for a specific featured 6v6 mode
Daily Crucible Bounty availability updated for Rise of Iron


Destiny Hot Fix - 9/19/16
2.4.0.1 - The one before Rise of Iron.

General

Fixed an issue where gear was not showing up properly in Kiosks
Fixed an issue where audio could cut out during long sessions
Added localization updates for Rise of Iron content
Quests

Fixed an issue with quest tracking not functioning properly on Cosmodrome and Mars
Fixed an issue with quest tracking not functioning properly for City Tower or City Tower NPCs
Crucible

Fixed an issue with the volume of certain Shaxx lines
And as part of a dual deployment...

2.4.0.2 - The one about Film Grain.

General

Fixed an issue where Film Grain was inadvertently added
Fixed an issue that shortened the revive interaction time and extended revive distance to pre 2.2.0 values
Stay tuned for an additional info article that will detail all changes to the player experience in Rise of Iron.



Destiny Update 09/08/16
2.4.0 - The one preparing for Rise of Iron.

In advance of the launch of Rise of Iron, we are preloading content. These changes will alter the Destiny Sandbox, update the player experience, and prepare the world of the game for the next story we are about to tell.

Weapons
Read our detailed review of weapon change philosophies.

Auto Rifles
Reduced the maximum magazine size for highest rate of fire auto family (all weapons in the Doctrine of Passing family)
Increased damage to middle rate of fire Auto Rifles by 1.5%
Pulse Rifles
Increased rate of fire for Hkke pulse rifle Lyudmila-D
Increased damage for middle rate of fire family pulses (Nirwen's Mercy) by 2%
Hand Cannons
Fixed an issue where the hand cannon Zaouli's Bane's rate of fire stat would display incorrectly
Fixed an issue where the Taken King Vanguard and Armsday Hand Cannons (Down and Doubt 00-0, Kumakatok HC4) stats would display incorrectly
Shotguns
Immobius: decreased spread on Titan class Shotgun (0.1 zoom factor increase), increased base stability (60% increase)
Increased high rate of fire and middle-low rate of fire Shotgun damages by 2%
Reduced spread angle penalty on Shotguns with the perk Full Auto, Invective was not affected
Sniper Rifles
Reduced damage on the middle-high impact (1000-Yard Stare family) of Sniper Rifles by 6.95%
Middle-high impact snipers can no longer reliably kill high armor guardians in super
No Land Beyond is not affected by this damage reduction
Reduced Target Acquisition for LDR 5001/Y-09 Longbow Synthesis to bring in line with other snipers in the middle-high rate of fire family
Increased the starting strength for aim deflection (aka Flinch) when players take damage while scoped in from 30% starting to 50% starting
With every subsequent hit, the strength of deflection increases until you hit 100% max deflection
Overall Sniper ADS aim deflection multiplier increased to 1.9x (was 1.85x)
Fixed an issue where Eirene UI stat bars showed an incorrect rate of fire
Sidearms
Unified damage for all Sidearm types
Increased damage for existing Hkke Sidearm families by 3% for lowest rate of fire and 7% for higher rate of fire
Decreased damage for non-hitscan Sidearms by 5% for Vestian Dynasty and Queen's Choice
Minor extension of damage falloff point for Sidearms across the board (+0.5meter)
Minor increase of stability for Sidearms across the board
Added damage bonus in PvE (20-30% dependent on combatant tier)
To accommodate two new faster firing Sidearm families releasing in Rise of Iron, all current Sidearm rate of fire bars will be slightly shorter
This is to allow more bar space to display rate of fire differentiation
Does not change the actual fire rate, just the stat bar representation
Fusion Rifles
Accelerated coils correctly reflects damage reduction now on the UI stat bars
No change to gameplay effect, UI only
Fixed an issue where stat bars on Techeun Rage displayed incorrectly
Rocket Launchers
Extended damage falloff distance on Cluster Bomb perk's explosions (should more reliably damage enemies now)
Grenades and Horseshoes perk proc radius reduced (1.3->1meters), Truth is not affected
Machine Guns
Increased damage on highest rate of fire Machine Guns by 4% 
Weapon Perks
General
Magazine perks now give range bonuses
Removed impact stat bonuses that had no effect on base damage and only on the UI bars
Armor Piercing Rounds: adds +4 range, reduces -4 handling
High Caliber Rounds: adds +3 range, reduces -5 handling
Skip Rounds: adds +5 range, reduces -3 handling, adds +5 inventory
Take a Knee
Now activates after 0.5 seconds of crouching
Added flinch reduction (25%) and increased aim down sights speed by 25%
Exhumed
Added an extra +5 seconds (15 seconds total) of effect time 
Cascade
Functional change: melee kills automatically reload a portion of the magazine
Surplus
Now increases carried ammo capacity
Grave Robber
Increased proc chance to 25% (was 20%)
Guerilla Fighter
Increased stability and range bonuses by 200% (think of it as bonus Hammer Forged and Perfect Balance when the perk activates)
Unflinching
Decreased efficacy of the perk from 25% flinch reduction to 15% flinch reduction
Firefly 
Possible fix for crash related to special effects triggered by the Firefly perk
Exotic Weapons
Universal Remote
Exotic Perk range bonus reduced by 75% (no longer guarantees maximum shotgun range)
Increased rate of fire (decreased damage as a secondary effect) 
Fabian Strategy
Kills with this weapon now automatically load a portion of the magazine
Increased base range by 16%
Increased base stability by 44%
Thorn
Reduced base range by 25%
Dreg's Promise
Increased damage by 8%
Increased magazine size by 3
Touch of Malice
Touch of Malice's self-damage infliction now removes Blessing of Light
No Time to Explain 
Added intrinsic perk Headseeker
Boolean Gemini
Added intrinsic perk High Caliber Rounds
Armor
General
Fixed a bug causing +1 armor perks to sometimes fail to function
Class items can now accept shaders
Activities
Public Events
1st Daily Public Event Gold completion:
1x Legendary Engram(once level 40; upgrade engram before) 
15x Destination Materials
15x Legendary Marks
5x Motes of Light
Very low chance of Exotic Shard
4k XP - core, subclass, gear
25x Vanguard Rep
Repeated Gold Public Events:
200x Glimmer
Chance of 2-5 Destination Materials
Chance of 1-2 Motes of Light
1.5k XP
Green/Blue Engram
25x Vanguard Rep
Repeated Silver Public Events: 
100x Glimmer
Chance of 2-3 Destination Materials
750 XP
Repeated Bronze Public Events: 
50x Glimmer
Chance of 1-2 Destination Materials
500 XP
Quests
Quest menu has been changed and renamed to Progress
Record Books have been moved from the Materials on the Inventory menu to their own location in the Progress menu
Quest, Bounty, and Reputation displays have been adjusted
Crucible
General 
Legendary Engrams have been removed from the Crucible PGCR, so Crucible Legendary Weapons will drop significantly more often
Fixed an issue where Crucible activity tooltips were showing the wrong icon
Beowolf, Cicero and Gilgamesh Shaders can once again be acquired by completing Crucible matches
Fixed some reward logic associated with vanity items from Shaxx Weekly package
The Crucible Quest "Factions" New Monarchy will no longer ask the player to earn points in the Salvage playlist
Crucible Quartermaster Weekly bounties have been removed
Free Sterling Treasure from Weekly Crucible and Postmaster will be discontinued
Sterling Treasure is still available from Prison of Elders and Eververse
Game Types
General 
3v3 gametypes gives slightly less Heavy Ammo per brick
Trials of Osiris
Trials of Osiris for Year 2 has ended. Trials of Osiris will resume in Rise of Iron on 9/30
Elimination
Heavy Ammo now only appears at one central location in Elimination matches
Fixed a bug where the Heavy Ammo could persist through rounds if the Heavy Round ends before it can spawn
Salvage
Reduced initial Relic Capture spawn delay, from 15 to 10 seconds
Reduced time between Relic spawns, from 25 to 15 seconds
Reduced countdown time on enemy probe, from 45 to 30 seconds
Increased interaction radius on enemy probe, from 3 to 5 meters
Increased successful sabotage score from 150 to 200 points
Changed scoring so that now only the interacting player gets points for a successful sabotage
Rift
Added an overshield on player spawn to cut down on spawn-camping
Extended runner damage resistance when picking up spark by a few seconds
Maps 
Rusted Lands
Added invisible physics to stop players from escaping intended playable area
Vertigo
Added invisible physics to stop players from escaping intended playable area
Pantheon
Rotated lower Heavy Ammo crate to keep ammo from falling off the map
Crossroads
Added invisible physics to stop players from escaping intended playable area
Blind Watch
Moved Elimination tiebreaker zone indoors to avoid bias towards Bravo
UI
Fireteam and players in current game session list have been combined and will display 12 players without needing to change pages
Clan Roster has been added, but will not be immediately available
The Inventory menu has been modified to add Ornaments
Abandoned Quest Kiosk menu pagination now allows users to view more than the first page


Destiny Weapon Tuning - Rise of Iron
From the desk of Greg Peng.

With every new Destiny expansion, we find an opportunity to try to holistically address Sandbox balance. We learn from our success and mistakes, scrutinize player activity from our vast reserves of player data, and come up with a plan of execution. With an expansion, we can change the balance landscape not only by modifying old guns, but also by creating new ones to fill missing roles and satisfy player desires.

The changes in 2.4.0 will go hand in hand with the weapon ecosystem of Rise of Iron.

Exotics
Fabian Strategy
Doubling down on a Titan's role to hold the front line, Fabian Strategy users will now be able to hold down the trigger to melt enemies until there are none left.

Kills with this weapon now automatically load a portion of the magazine
Increased base range (+16%) and stability (+44%)
Thorn
Since we are bringing back Thorn for Rise of Iron, it was worth re-evaluating its place in the weapon ecosystem. What are Thorn's strengths? 

Damage over time (which provides location information and health recovery delay)
Fastest family of Hand Cannon fire rate
Effectively best in class level range with Send It
To avoid a repeat of year one, we decided to remove one of those elements from the equation.

Reduced base range by 25%
Universal Remote
An exotic shotgun not gated by the special ammo economy was already a dangerous tool, but as players honed their mastery over the strong mobility options that Destiny has to offer, a hair-pulling combination was born. A range reduction helps bring the efficacy of these sorts of tactics down a bit.

Exotic Perk range bonus reduced by 75% (no longer guarantees maximum shotgun range)
Increased rate of fire (lowers damage as a secondary effect)
Dreg's Promise
Fitting in with the retune of Sidearms (see below), Dreg's gets a little bit more love. 

Increased damage by 8%
Increased magazine size by 3
Touch of Malice
It is intended that Touch of Malice still shine best in King's Fall, but outside of the Raid, clever players figured out how to avoid Touch of Malice's single drawback by imbuing themselves with the Blessing of Light - but the Darkness has been boiling stronger within the gun...

Touch of Malice's self-damage infliction now removes Blessing of Light
Boolean Gemini
This super versatile weapon receives another tool in its kit.

Added intrinsic perk High Caliber Rounds
No Time to Explain
I'm going to respect the spirit of the weapon with this one.

Added intrinsic perk Headseeker
Sniper Rifles
Snipers are being utilized extremely effectively in both the Crucible and against the Minions of the Darkness. However, one family of Sniper Rifle stands out from the rest - the mid-high impact family of sniper rifles (of which 1000-Yard Stare and Y-09 Longbow Synthesis belong).

Let us evaluate the benefits of the family:

Decent magazine sizes combined with strong impact provide for strong DPS
Strong target acquisition and when combined with Hidden Hand can reach the upper echelon normally reserved for lower impact Sniper Rifles (Weyloran's March)
Ability to take down a guardian while in their super state
High body-shot damage with a rate of fire still fast enough that the two tap body-shot is still viable
The resulting Sniper Rifle has all the strengths of other families but without the drawbacks. To spread the power a bit, we touched two elements:

Reduced damage on the mid-high impact (1000-Yard Stare family) of Sniper Rifles by 6.95%
Mid High impact snipers can no longer reliably kill high armor guardians in super
No Land Beyond is not affected by this damage reduction
Reduced Target Acquisition for LDR 5001/Y-09 Longbow Synthesis to bring in line with other snipers in the same family
As a result, the slowest firing family of Sniper Rifle (Black Spindle) should be your key tool to take down Supers, balanced by lower magazine size, fire rate, and aim assist.

Aim Deflection (aka Flinch)
"You get the drop on an enemy sniper, reducing him down to a pixel of his life. Right before you pull the trigger for the last bullet to exit your scout rifle's chamber, you see the glint and hear the sound of your head turning to mush. You raise your fist in the air and release a silent scream so as not to wake the baby."

With these changes, we want to give your primary weapon a better chance at contesting sniper rifles. 

Increased the starting strength for aim deflection (aka Flinch) when players take damage while scoped in from 30% starting to 50% starting
With every subsequent hit, the strength of deflection increases until you hit 100% max deflection
Overall Sniper ADS aim deflection multiplier increased to 1.9x (was 1.85x)
Bugs

Fixed an issue where Eirene UI stat bars showed an incorrect rate of fire
Auto Rifles
With new Auto Rifles being introduced in Rise of Iron, playtests revealed a decrease in the importance of reloading - high rate of fire Auto users had enough bullets for multiple encounters. We do not want players feeling starved for ammo, but creating an opening for opponents to attack is an important part of the "combat dance" for Destiny.

Middle rate of fire Autos also received a small damage boost to help with damage falloff, but the resultant damage does not drastically change its time to kill.

Reduced the maximum magazine size for highest rate of fire Auto Rifle family (all weapons in the Doctrine of Passing family)
Increased damage to middle rate of fire Autos (1.5%)
Shotguns
While strong against combatants, fast firing Shotguns have generally experienced low up time in PvP. The following changes are meant to sweeten the value proposition, starting with everyone's favorite Titan class weapon.

Immobius: decreased spread on Titan class shotgun in ADS (0.1 zoom factor increase), increased base stability by 60%
Reduced spread angle penalty on Shotguns with the perk Full Auto, Invective was not affected
Increased high rate of fire and middle-low rate of fire shotgun damages by 2%
Pulse Rifles
With high rate of fire Pulse Rifles being strong contenders in the crucible, we put our lens on the mid and low rate of fire models, nudging them slightly forward while still maintaining Pulses around the three burst kill.

Increased rate of fire for the Hakke Pulse Rifle Lyudmila-D
Minor increase (2%) to damage for middle rate of fire family Pulse Rifles (Nirwen's Mercy)
Sidearms
When evaluating player loadout data across the game, we can see that Sidearms are being underutilized. With 2.4.0 we aim to change that, pushing Sidearms to shoot further, faster, and more predictability. 

Unified damage for all Sidearm types
Increased damage for existing Hkke Sidearm families by 3% for lowest rate of fire and 7% for higher rate of fire
Decreased damage for non-hitscan Sidearms by 5% for Vestian Dynasty and Queen's Choice
Minor extension of damage falloff point for Sidearms across the board (+0.5 meters)
Minor increase of stability for Sidearms across the board
Added damage bonus in PvE (20-30% dependent on combatant tier)
To accommodate two new faster firing Sidearm families releasing in Rise of Iron, all current Sidearm rate of fire bars will be slightly shorter
This is so we have more bar space to display rate of fire differentiation
Does not change the actual fire rate, just the stat bar representation
Rocket Launchers
While super satisfying, Cluster Bombs are not always super reliable. At times, the bombs land inches out of their effective range and hit for single point damages.

Grenades and Horseshoes is by and far the most popular Rocket Launcher perk. While decreasing the chance that a rocket misses, it also removes or reduces many of the interesting combat prediction elements that make the weapon archetype interesting to play.

By making Cluster Bomb more reliable and Grenades and Horseshoes less effective, we hope to mix up the Rocket Launcher perk selection and inject a bit more technique into the archetype.

Increased effective range on the explosions for the Cluster Bomb perk
Grenades and Horseshoes perk activation radius reduced (1.3->1 meters)
Truth is not affected by this change
Machine Guns
The high rate of fire family of Machine Gun really hits the fantasy when it comes to face melting crowd control weapons. Increasing their DPS will also help them shine in other scenarios as well (i.e. boss battles). 

Increased damage on highest rate of fire Machine Guns (4%)
Hand Cannons
You will only find small bug fixes for 2.4.0 for this weapon category. However, as a preview to Rise of Iron, newly minted low rate of fire hand cannons have a higher maximum possible range stat, giving players a distinct reason to choose that type of weapon.

Fixed an issue where the hand cannon Zaouli's Bane's rate of Fire stat would display incorrectly
Fixed an issue where the Taken King Vanguard and Armsday Hand Cannons (Down and Doubt 00-0, Kumakatok HC4) stats would display incorrectly.
Fusion Rifles
Again, only small bug fixes. You can stop making that joke now.

Accelerated coils correctly reflects damage reduction now on the UI stat bars
No change to gameplay effect, UI only
Fixed an issue where stat bars on Techeun Rage displayed incorrectly
Perks
After months of collecting player feedback and analyzing usage data, we decided upon a list of perks that could benefit from a refresh. We also decided to reduce the effectiveness of Unflinching, which otherwise would have negated the aforementioned sniper flinch changes without tradeoff. Finally, classic magazine perks like Armor Piercing Rounds now give additional range bonuses.

Take a Knee

Now activates after 0.5 seconds of crouching
Added flinch reduction (25%) and increased aim down sights speed by 25%
Exhumed

Added an extra +5 seconds (15 seconds total) of effect time
Cascade

Functional change: melee kills automatically reload a portion of the magazine
Surplus

Now increases carried ammo capacity
Grave Robber

Increased activation chance to 25% (from 20%)
Guerilla Fighter

Increased stability and range bonuses by 200% (think of it as a bonus Hammer Forged and Perfect Balance when the perk activates)
Magazine Perks

Magazine perks now give range bonuses
Removed impact stat bonuses that had no effect on base damage and only on the UI
Armor Piercing Rounds: adds +4 range, reduces -4 handling
High Caliber Rounds: adds +3 range, reduces -5 handling,
Skip Rounds: adds +5 range, reduces -3 handling, adds +5 inventory
Unflinching

Decreased efficacy of the perk from 25% flinch reduction to 15% flinch reduction
As a final note, sometimes there are bugs that require a more careful roll-out than can be achieved through a small update. The stakes are much higher when the issues lie deep within the foundation of the Destiny engine. This bug has been an incredibly difficult one to fix and test - we hope that we got it this time.

Firefly

Possible fix for crash related to special effects triggered by the Firefly perk
That's all for 2.4.0 Weapons Update Preview. I hope it's been informative, and I'm looking forward to reading your questions and comments.

[Editor's Note: The full Patch Notes for Update 2.4.0 will also be published soon, during scheduled maintenance and deployment.]



Destiny Update - 08/16/16
2.3.1.2 - The one about Account Imports.

This update is only available for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One consoles and enables the Account Import process on these consoles. Destiny will remain on Update 2.3.1.1 for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 Legacy Consoles. Here is a detailed article containing a FAQ section that explains everything.

Technical

Players will be prompted with the Account Import dialog upon their first login to a PlayStation 4 or Xbox One console
Players will be unable to play until they accept the dialog and perform the Account Import
Performing the Account Import process splits account progression so that progression is no longer shared between console generations within a console family


Destiny Hot Fix - 07/28/2016
2.3.1.1 The one to reduce BEAVER errors.

As an immediate follow up to Update 2.3.1.0, we are deploying a Hot Fix to reduce player facing issues on PS4 and Xbox One. This Hot Fix will be deployed to Legacy Consoles soon. Stay tuned for announcements. 

Technical

Fixed a network connectivity issue that was causing some players to be disconnected with BEAVER errors


Destiny Update - 7/26/2016
2.3.1.0 - The one to pave the road to Rise of Iron. 

Before the launch of Destiny: Rise of Iron on September 20th, there are a few issues we are fixing. This update will also be the last scheduled deployment for Legacy Consoles, excluding emergency fixes for future game-breaking issues.

Classes

Fixed an issue where Solar-based Damage-Over-Time (DoT) effects were dealing half their intended damage
Fixed an issue where the Intellect stat was not generating the correct amount of Super energy
Fixed an issue where selecting the Electrostatic Mind perk removed the Super regeneration provided by the Intellect stat
Armor

Exotics
Fixed an issue that prevented the Apotheosis Veil helmet from being accessible in the Exotic Armor Blueprints kiosk
Activities

Fixed an issue that could cause weekly activities from ending earlier than the weekly reset
Fixed an issue that prevented Legendary Marks from being granted when finishing the "Paradox" and "Lost to Light" missions when they are the featured Daily Story Mission
Fixed an issue where players with a full Postmaster inventory did not receive the Moments of Triumph book
Players who did not receive their Moments of Triumph book can now find it in the Postmaster


Destiny Update - 6/14/2016
2.3.0 - The One about Hunters.

Classes
For a detailed review of Class changes in 2.3.0, read the full Class Balance Update Preview.

Titan
Sunbreaker
Super: Hammer of Sol
Hammer travel speed increased by 1.3%
Hammer detonation radius increased by 10%
Damage increased by 10% against AI combatants
Striker
Super: Fist of Havoc
Base damage increased by 50%  and an additional 50% against AI combatants
Defender
Grenades
Spike Grenade: damage impulses per second reduced to 5 from 10
Spike Grenade: damage per impulse increased by 100%; total damage unchanged
Hunter
Gunslinger
Grenades
Swarm Grenade: increased arming radius 0.5 meters 
Swarm Grenade: detonation damage increased by 7%
Tripmine: no longer attaches to targets; arms on impact then bounces and attaches to terrain
Tripmine: damage reduced by 3%
Super: Golden Gun
Base damage increased by 50% and an additional 30% against AI combatants
Deadeye: now increases golden gun damage by an additional 30%
Melee: Throwing Knife
Base damage reduced by 10%
Circle of Life: modified functionality: precision kills with Throwing Knife reduce the cooldown of Golden Gun
Circle of Life: no longer extends the duration of golden gun
Circle of Life: +1 armor removed
Passives
Scavenger: increased the amount of grenade and melee energy awarded by 33%
Chain of Woe: +1 recovery added
Over the Horizon: +1 recovery removed
Bladedancer
Grenade 
Skip Grenade: tracking time reduced to 8 seconds from 12
Skip Grenade: detonation damage reduced by 13%
Double Jump
Blink: now incurs a -1 recovery penalty
Super: Arc Blade
Changed to be less about repeatedly swinging and more about decisive strikes with additional effectiveness:
Base duration increased by 2 seconds
Hit detection test range increased by 0.5 meters
Damage increased by 30% against AI combatants
Added a 0.8 second cooldown between Arc Blade swings while airborne
Energy cost per swing increased by 20%
Energy cost on hit decreased by 20%
Vanish: now causes the player to vanish on cast in addition to its normal functionality
Showstopper: damage radius extended by 1 meter
Melee: Blink Strike
Lunge distance decreased by 0.4 meters
Backstab: valid backstab angle reduced by 30 degrees
Escape Artist: invisibility effect delayed by 0.5 seconds
Fast Twitch: recharge reduced by 20%
Passives
Encore: killing an enemy with Arc Blade now extends its duration and grants a 150% increase to arc blade damage for a short time
Nightstalker
Grenades
Spike Grenade: damage impulses per second reduced to 5 from 10
Spike Grenade: damage per impulse increased by 100%; total damage unchanged
Super: Shadowshot
Now applies the suppression effect on impact
Melee: Smoke 
Changed to be less frustrating to play against in PvP, but more effective in PvE
Impact damage increased by 34%
Impact suppression and damage over time duration reduced by 1 second
Jump suppression removed from initial impact status effects
Un-upgraded smoke cloud duration increased by 1 second
Envenomed: cloud duration increased by 1 second
Envenomed: Jump suppression removed from cloud status effects
Vanish in smoke: +1 agility removed
Snare: cloud duration increased by 1 second
Passives
Courage of the Pack: now increases recovery, armor and agility by 2 per stack
Courage of the Pack: now stacks 3 times
Lockdown: now increases smoke duration by 2 seconds (+2 additional seconds with the Snare upgrade)
Predator: now reduces the cooldown of the Shadowshot ability
Shadestep: moved to a single dodge on a 3 second cooldown
Warlock
Sunsinger
Grenades
Firebolt: increased arming time by 0.2 seconds
Firebolt: decreased victim search radius by 1 meter
Melee: Scorch
Flame Shield: 0.3 second delay added before the overshield activation
Passives
Viking Funeral: no longer extends the duration of Ignite effects
Viking Funeral: now weakens targets afflicted with Ignite effects, causing them to take 5% more damage from all sources, stacking up to 3 times.
Voidwalker
Glide
Blink: now incurs a -1 recovery penalty
Super: Nova Bomb
Base damage increased by 50% and an additional 50% against AI combatants
Lance: now increases Nova Bomb damage by an additional 25%
Weapons
For a detailed review of weapon changes in 2.3.0, read the full Weapon Tuning Update Preview.

General
Fixed an issue where the Year 2 version of "Thunderlord" was not available for some players in the Kiosk
Fixed an issue where incorrect UI bars were displayed on Red Spectre
Fixed an issue where Exotic machinegun stability was ignoring the base stats for recoil (Thunderlord, Super Good Advice)
Fixed an issue where Defiance of Yasmin did not have the adjusted zoom for sniper rifles introduced in 2.2.0 (5x) & increased the inventory stat by 10
Auto Rifles
Reduced damage of high rate of fire autos by 6% (Doctrine of Passing)
Hand Cannons
Increased initial accuracy and decreased accuracy drop for low range hand cannons
Made damage falloff curves steeper to better coincide with intended effective range of hand cannons
Small increase to PvE damage to all hand cannons (amount depending on enemy class)
Ammo
It now takes less time for your Ghost to automatically grab ammo for you when you're running low on ammo
Exotics
Slight reduction to Hawkmoon stability (-5 stability)
Perks
Slight reduction to Counterbalance effectiveness (Reduces 80% of recoil angle instead of 90%)
Armor
Exotics
Twilight Garrison
Moved Tactical Air Support ability to a single dodge on a 3 second cooldown
Activities
Missions
The alternate ending to "Paradox" can now be completed at any time by selecting it from the Director on the Heroic difficulty
The alternate ending to "Lost to Light" can now be completed at any time by selecting it from the Director on the Heroic difficulty
The "Firewall" mission will now be available as soon as the player has turned in the required items to access it
Prison of Elders
The Level 41 Prison of Elders Arena activity tooltip now properly indicates remaining weekly Legendary Mark rewards. These weekly Legendary Mark rewards are shared with the Weekly Heroic Strike Playlist, and may be earned from either activity.
Challenge of the Elders "Variks grows impatient" point deduction now grows more severe the longer you are in a given section
Point Deduction = (50 x number of times he has grown impatient)
Strikes - Updated 6/20/16 to add missing notes
Heroic Strikes now include a randomly-selected group of three modifiers 
One modifier will be applied from each of the following lists
Group 1: Small Arms; Specialist; Brawler; Catapult
Group 2: Airborne; Solar Burn; Arc Burn; Void Burn
Group 3: Juggler; Fresh Troops; Ironclad; Exposure; Chaff; Berserk
Trickle will not be applied to Heroic Strikes
Crucible
All weekly rotating activities in Crucible now feature weekly rewards
Fixed an issue where Trials of Osiris boon icons from House of Wolves persisted after deleting a Trials passage
Items
Three new Chroma colors have been added: Orange, Magenta, & Green
These have a chance to be found in Sterling Treasures or from dismantling the Spektar gear set
Fixed an issue where players who did not own The Taken King could purchase Sterling Treasures from Eververse
Desolate Class Items are now correctly listed as Guaranteed items instead of Possible on Sterling Treasure preview
Fixed an issue where Daily Heroic Story missions that were from House of Wolves were not properly awarding Legendary Marks
Fixed an issue where "The Road Unraveled" ship would be unobtainable from Future War Cult faction packages under certain circumstances
Fixed an issue where the "Kicks Dance" emote was not displaying proper announcement text
Fixed an issue where Variks would not sell the Dreadfang sword if the player obtained and dismantled the sword on all characters  
UI
Fixed an issue where equipping the "Armor of Vows" New Monarchy ship caused a false Postmaster notification
Your friends are now displayed in the Director when hovering over activities they are currently playing - Updated 6/14/16 to add missing note


Destiny Weapon Tuning - June Update
Destiny Update 2.3.0 is scheduled to deploy tomorrow. The following is a preview of how it will impact weapon balance.

From the desk of Greg Peng:

Hi everyone! Sandbox Designer Greg Peng here. Pleased to meet you. I've been working with Jon Weisnewski on weapons since The Taken King (he's my boss), and I'll be your gunsmith for the upcoming Rise of Iron. I am honored for this opportunity to step up as another representative for Sandbox.

For 2.3.0, our primary goal has been to address some of the most commonly voiced concerns from the Destiny community, and to continue to bring balance and improvements to our little piece of the Destiny universe.

Weapon Balance
Hand Cannons
After a shot has been fired from a weapon in Destiny, there is a short period where accuracy drops to simulate how weapon recoil affects re-acquiring a target. This helps dissuade players from spamming the trigger and emphasizes precise aiming. The degree of accuracy drop is controlled by the Range stat per archetype. Because of the increased importance of landing every shot, this effect is especially heightened on Hand Cannons.

It is our intention to reduce the necessity of rolling range perks on Hand Cannons in order for them to be considered usable. However, we also do not want to return to a world where Hand Cannons can contest Scout Rifles at long range. 

Changes

Increased initial accuracy and decreased accuracy drop for low range hand cannons
Made damage falloff curves steeper to better coincide with intended effective range of hand cannons
Small increase to PvE damage to all hand cannons (amount depending on enemy class)
Auto Rifles
Doctrine of Passing. Soulstealer's Claw. Arminus-D. These names strike fear into opponent's hearts, not only due to their quick kill times, but also the amount of screen shake or "ping" they inflict upon their targets. The family of high rate of fire auto rifles currently leads the pack as most used, and so we will nudge it lower once again.

Changes 

Reduced the damage of high rate of fire autos (Doctrine of Passing) by 6%
Ammo Economy
Running out of ammo? The recommended solution is to grab some fresh ammo that just dropped at the feet of a dead combatant. But we recognize that there are certain dire combat scenarios where gathering blocks is not a viable solution. In these cases, we currently detect that you're low on ammo, round up ammo from the field, and automatically deposit it in your backpack. As an improvement, we've significantly sped up the time this process takes. 

Changes

It takes less time to automatically grab ammo from the battlefield for you when you're running low.
Hawkmoon
With the recent Hand Cannon improvements, the Hawk was flying a bit too high. A minor stability reduction brings it into line, but may encourage a reexamination of one's barrel selection...

Changes

Slight reduction to Hawkmoon Stability (-5 Stability)
Counterbalance
There are some cases where a perk's effectiveness makes it seem like an absolute necessity to run. For many players this is currently true for Counterbalance; not only is it an extremely effective perk, but it nullifies the uniqueness of each gun's recoil pattern. We hope these changes will let the personality of each gun shine through a bit more.

Changes

Slight reduction to Counterbalance effectiveness (Reduces 80% of recoil angle instead of 90%)
Bugs
Fixed incorrect UI bars on Red Spectre (no gameplay changes)
Fixed Exotic Machine Gun Stability where some weapons were ignoring their own base stats for recoil (Thunderlord, Super Good Advice)
Fixed Defiance of Yasmin to have the correctly adjusted zoom for Sniper Rifles introduced in 2.2.0 (5x), increased inventory stat by 10 to compensate
Sandbox Mythbusters
I'm hoping to also use this opportunity to clear up some common questions and misconceptions for how weapons in Destiny work. Knowledge is power!

What does Rangefinder REALLY do?
According to the description on the Perk: "Aiming this weapon increases its effective range."

There are a couple ways to interpret this description. A common interpretation is that the Rangefinder increases the Range stat when a player goes into aim down sights (ADS). In reality, it is a bit more nuanced than a simple sentence can encompass.

Rangefinder impacts two primary things:

Target acquisition falloff
Zoom factor multiplier (1.1x zoom, 1.05x on shotguns)
So why do we call it "Rangefinder?" Well, Zoom itself is a huge component of damage falloff! We scale down damage falloff by the Zoom factor because enemies FEEL closer in zoom view, even though they can be quite far away. This is super important to keeping things feeling consistent.

What's more, ADS accuracy and recoil are also calculated based on the zoom view. So with greater zoom, your bullets will also stay closer together, which is another element of extending the effective range of your weapon. Everything is relative!

What is Weapon Handling?
While we don't display it in the UI like we do the other weapon stats, Weapon Handling is a stat that controls three things to make your gun feel heavier or snappier in your hands:

Ready time - amount of time it takes to bring  out your weapon
Away time - amount of time it takes to put away your weapon
ADS time - amount of time it takes to fully reach maximum zoom in ADS
Different guns have different Weapon Handling stats, but as a general rule of thumb, the longer range and more damage a weapon does, the lower the Weapon Handling stat.

That's all for the 2.3.0 Weapons Update Preview. I hope it's been informative, and I'm looking forward to hearing your questions and comments.



Destiny Hot Fix - 05/24/2016
2.2.3.0 - The one with much less rockets (and supers).

This emergency Hot Fix will restore order to the balance of the game.

Perks
Fixed a bug where players could get additional Heavy Ammunition
Fixed a bug where players could get unlimited Super abilities


Destiny Hot Fix - 05/03/2016
2.2.0.2 - The one about melee attacks.

On the heels of the April Update, we're fixing a couple of things that were bugging us.

Character
The following changes to the melee ability will be manually toggled on Tuesday, May 10th at 10AM Pacific. For a review of the changes read the last "This Week at Bungie."

Fixed a bug that would start a melee target search from an incorrect position, frequently coming up short and causing the melee attack to whiff
Adjust melee strike validation logic and player position networking during melee attacks to improve reliability across the network
Activities
Fixed an issue in which chests in the original Prison of Elders challenge modes (Level 32, 34, 35) did not properly give loot
Fixed an issue in which the Weekly Nightfall did not drop Ghosts above the player's Light correctly
Quests
Fixed an issue that prevented completion of the quest "With Finesse and Speed"
Fixed an issue that allowed purchase of Dreadfang before the player had completed the quest to obtain it
Items
Fixed an issue in which some of the Faction Class items did not properly allow quest progression for Factions
Fixed an issue where the Hunter "Spektar Grasps" item did not properly display all geometry on PlayStation 3 & Xbox 360
Fixed an issue in which Cryptarch Rank Up packages were incorrectly giving Year 1 Engrams
Fixed an issue that would allow Universal Remote to decrypt from Special Weapon engrams when it is a primary weapon

Destiny Hot Fix - 4/18/2016
2.2.0.1.1 The one about Sterling Treasure Boxes.

Today, we're deploying a fix for players who logged in between 2AM and 10AM PDT on 4/12/2016 and did not receive their first free weekly Sterling Treasure Box. Affected players will ONLY have until the 04/19 Weekly Reset (2AM PST) to log in and attain it. At 2AM PDT, players will resume into a new weekly cycle, where players can log in and play the respective activities for additional free Sterling Treasures.

General
Fixed an issue in which some players were not correctly receiving Sterling Treasures for logging in
Affected players will ONLY have until the 04/19 Weekly Reset (2AM PDT) to attain them. 
Players will be able to receive Sterling Treasures from the following method upon weekly reset:
Logging into a character on their account (1 per account)
Completing a match in weekly featured Crucible playlist
Completing Level 41 Prison of Elders


Destiny Update - 04/12/2016
2.2.0 - The One about the April Update.

Oryx may have been defeated but many Taken remain and the denizens of the Reef are seeking revenge for their loss. Travel to Vestian Outpost in the Reef to speak with Variks about rumors of a new Taken threat. Test yourself against new challenges within the Prison of Elders.

Light
Legendary and Exotic drops from many sources now attempt to drop with Attack or Defense greater than your current character light level
The following activities and items have been adjusted to include 335 Light items:
Prison of Elders Passage Challenge Ticket
Crucible Weekly
Court of Oryx Tier 3 Artifacts
Trials of Osiris
Iron Banner
Unique Items from the Vanguard Heroic Strike Playlist
Exotic Engrams
King's Fall Heroic
The following activities and items have been adjusted to include 330 Light items:
Weekly Nightfall Strike
Faction Packages
Trials Bounties
The following activities and items have these changes:
King's Fall Normal will drop up to 320 Light items
Prison of Elders Level 41 drops up to 320 Light items
Legendary Engrams max Light increased to 310
Rare Engrams max Light increased to 310
Rare Items (dropped from remaining activities) max Light increased to 310
Infusion will now grant 100% of the Light from the infused item
Activities
Prison of Elders
New! Prison of Elders Challenge Activity: Challenge of the Elders (Recommended Light 320)
Elder's Sigil Passage Tickets can be picked up directly from Variks
Prison of Elders Weekly Bounties have been added and can be picked up from Variks
New! Added Level 41 Prison of Elders playlist (Recommended Light 260)
Prison of Elders now has a Level 41 difficulty available, this version has a chance at having Taken enemies
Combatants within the Prison of Elders will now provide credit towards applicable Vanguard bounty requirements
Keys are no longer required to open the Prison of Elders chest
Keys can now be used directly from inventory to provide House of Judgement faction reputation
Variks' inventory has been updated
Tokens of Flight, Identity, and Judgement are no longer needed to purchase items
Tokens can still be used directly from player's inventory to provide House of Judgement faction reputation
Armor & Weapon Cores are no longer needed to purchase items and can now be used directly from player's inventory to provide House of Judgement faction


PvE Activities
Increased Special Ammo drop rate in all PVE activities to offset the reduced Inventory for Shotguns and Sniper Rifles


Strikes
Added the following Strikes:
New! "Blighted Chalice" strike is now available in the normal & heroic strike playlists
The "Winter's Run" strike now has a Taken variant available in the normal & heroic strike playlists
Reputation gains have been increased for completing Strikes


Weekly Nightfall
Increased Activity Level of Weekly Nightfall Strike (Recommended 320)
Eververse drops will no longer replace the normal Nightfall rewards but will be an additional reward when received


King's Fall
Increased the drop rate of armor and weapons inside the King's Fall raid for both Normal and Heroic difficulties


Patrols
Reputation gains have been increased for completing Patrol objectives
Classes
For a detailed review of class changes in 2.2.0, watch our live preview.

General
The player's Resurrection mechanic has been adjusted:
Reduced the radius of Resurrection interaction prompt to 1.5 meters (was 2 meters)
Increased the base time to Resurrect by 0.25 seconds
Overshield has been adjusted so that it takes precision damage modifiers (previously it did not)
Reduced Resurrection time bonuses from exotic armor (Crest of Alpha Lupi, Light Beyond Nemesis) to 30% (was 40%)
Added additional frames of invincibility at the end of the Resurrection animation to make the handoff from locked state to movement more consistent
Players can now highlight (R-Stick Click) player ghosts, allowing a user to inspect & target emotes at a downed player's ghost


Hunter
Nightstalker
Fixed an issue where summoning the Ghost while evading would interrupt Shadestep


Warlock
Voidwalker
Melee: Energy Drain
Increased grenade recharge bonus scalar (by +100%)
Reduced grenade recharge duration to 2 seconds (was 5 seconds)
Reduced bonus recharge provided by mastery (i.e. The Hunger) to 2 seconds (was 6 seconds)
Life Steal: Now triggers when damaging an enemy with Energy Drain
Soul Rip: Now triggers when damaging an enemy with Energy Drain
Passives
Embrace the Void: Now triggers the energy drain effect and restores a significant portion of health when killing an enemy
Sunsinger
Melee: Scorch
Flame Shield: Now increases the cooldown of Scorch (by +33%)
Flame Shield: No longer maximizes player armor for its duration
Flame Shield: Removed + 1 Armor stat
Solar Wind: Now reduces the cooldown of Scorch (by +66%)
Solar Wind: Added +1 Recovery stat
Brimstone: Now reduces the cooldown of Scorch (by +66%)
Brimstone: Explosion damage increased (by +86%)
Super: Radiance
Increased grenade energy regen by 1-3 grenades (depending on discipline)
Song of Flame: Increased allies' grenade regen (by +60%)
Fireborn: Reduced Radiance duration when Fireborn is active (-28%)
Passives
Sunburst: Now guarantees an Orb of Light on kill
Stormcaller
Melee: Thunderstrike
Rising Storm: Now immediately awards a flat amount of super, grenade and melee energy (instead of boosting regen based on intellect, discipline and strength over time)
Super: Stormtrance
Landfall: Damage reduced (by -17%)
Landfall: No longer blinds nearby players
Passives
Pulsewave: Added +1 Recovery stat
Feedback: Removed +1 Armor stat
Transcendence: Reduced bonus time in Stormtrance (by -17%)
Transcendence: No longer removes the cost of actively throwing Arc lightning
Electrostatic Mind: Increased the damage nearby enemies take when Stormtrance is active (by +100%)
Electrostatic Mind: Reduced the super recharge bonus when near allies (by -25%)
Weapons
For a detailed review of weapon changes in 2.2.0, read the full Update Preview.

Auto Rifles
Increased damage per bullet of low Rate-of-Fire Auto Rifles, like Suros Regime, An Answering Chord, Anguish of Drystan (by +2.3%)
Reduced damage per bullet of high Rate-of-Fire Auto Rifles, like Doctrine of Passing, Arminius-D (by -2.5%)
Improvement to hip fire accuracy


Pulse Rifles
Increased damage per bullet of low Rate-of-Fire Pulse Rifles, like The Messenger, Spare Change, Lyudmila-D (by +3%)


Hand Cannons
Increased Hand Cannon inventory ammo
Adjusted Hand Cannon ammo stats so that initial spawn and respawn ammo are consistent


Shotguns
Reduced the total Ammo Inventory for all Shotguns by roughly 5-7 rounds (exact amount depends on a given weapon's Magazine and Inventory stats)
See Crucible Section


Snipers
Reduced the total Ammo Inventory for all Sniper Rifles by roughly 5-7 rounds (exact amount depends on a given weapon's Magazine and Inventory stats)
See Crucible Section
Increased base zoom distance on the lowest Zoom scopes
Medium to long range scopes remain untouched
Added 2 frames of zoom time to sniper zoom
Reduced Snapshot perk's zoom time benefit to 20% benefit (was 30%)
Reduced Stability across all Sniper Rifle stats so that re-acquiring a target after firing requires more care
Zen Moment: Removed perk from all Rare and Uncommon Sniper Rifles


Fusion Rifles
Increased Stability base stat (40% recoil reduction); this means that lower stability Fusion Rifles will get affected more than higher stability rifles
Fixed bug where some outlying fusion rifle scopes had unintended increased zoom that was removed in Year Two.


Sidearms
Fixed an issue where ammo persisted through deaths when switching Secondary weapons


Machine Guns
Fixed an issue where players were able to get a free magazine of Machine Gun ammo from ammo crates
Reduced the total Ammo Inventory for all Machine Guns (exact amount depends on a given weapon's magazine, rate of fire, and inventory stats)


Swords
Fixed an issue with the sword guard ability that prevented it from blocking incoming damage correctly
Fixed an issue where the damage element would disappear from the HUD for swords after summoning the Ghost
Sword Heavy attacks now have improved damage networking


Exotic/Legendary Weapons
All King's Fall Primary Weapons
Increased reload speed on all King's Fall Raid primary weapons
Anguish of Drystan
Increased Stability base stat (by +12%)
Black Spindle
Fixed a bug with barrel upgrades where Field Choke and CQB Ballistics did not upgrade correctly
Increased Optics base stat to reflect global Optics changes
Dreg's Promise
Projectiles now track based on Aim Down Sights target lock. This plays similar in functionality to the "Tracking" Rocket Launcher perk with faster lock time but no audio "beeps"
Increased projectile Tracking strength
Reduced Rate-of-Fire base stat to compensate for increased Tracking
Reduced Damage (by -40%) to compensate for increased Tracking
Reduced Damage falloff to match Sidearm range
Hakke Sniper Rifle
Replaced Zen Moment perk on Legendary Hakke Sniper Rifle for Performance Bonus perk
Hawkmoon
Fixed an issue where the tooltip incorrectly displayed Holding Aces twice
Increased Range base stat (by +10)
Hereafter
Increased Optics base stat to reflect global Optics changes
Icebreaker
Increased Optics scope zoom (to +6x)
Reduced Handling base stat to the lowest value for Sniper Rifles
Reduced Target Acquisition base (by -25%)
Fixed an issue where ammo persisted through deaths when switching Secondary weapons
Last Word
Removed bonus damage applied from The Last Word perk
Lord of Wolves
Reduced ammo inventory to reflect base Shotgun ammo changes
MIDA Multi-Tool
Removed high caliber rounds from intrinsic behavior
Omolon Sniper Rifle
Replaced Zen Moment perk on Legendary Omolon Sniper Rifle for Battle Runner perk
Patience & Time
Increased Optics base stat to reflect global Optics changes
Queenbreaker's Bow
Reduced ammo inventory to reflect base Sniper ammo changes
Quillim's Terminus
Reduced Ammo inventory base stat (by -15)
Reduced Stability base stat (by -9)
Stillpiercer
Increased Optics base stat to reflect global Optics changes
Suros Regime
Increased Range bonus granted by Focus Fire perk to 45 Range
Spinning Up now activates (4 shots) later in the magazine
Telesto
Fixed an issue where projectiles did not correctly attach and detonate against Ward of Dawn
Projectiles will now correctly attach to friendly bipeds and detonate, but will not cause damage to friendly targets
The Chaperone
Fixed an issue in which precision damage was clamped and not scaling up to the intended amount
Precision damage now correctly scales when The Roadborn perk is active
Thorn
Reduced Thorn DoT to 4 ticks (was 6)
Reduced the amount of damage players receive per tick in Crucible (by -50%)
Reduced severity of poison screen effects for the victim to preserve combat effectiveness while poisoned
Vex Mythoclast
Reduced Damage base stat to compensate for improved Stability (by -13%)
1000 Yard Stare
Reduced Ammo inventory base stat
Perks
Eye of the Storm: Improved feedback on reticle to better see perk activation/de-activation
Icarus: Increased the inaccuracy reduction provided by the perk to 75% reduction (was 66%)
Aggressive Ballistics: Reduced Stability stat to -20 (was -10)
The First Curse: Fixed an exploit where the perk could be kept active indefinitely by refilling the magazine using Sealed Ahamkara Grasps
Rescue Mag: Fixed an issue where the perk triggered on stowed weapons. Perk now only activates when the weapon is in hand
Fixed an issue with some weapon perks that use kill count that prevented them from being extended or deactivated correctly in the Crucible
Armor
General
The following Year 1 Armor Exotics have been converted for Year 2:
ACD/0 Feedback Fence
The Glasshouse
Eternal Warrior
Khepri's Sting
Lucky Raspberry
ATS/8 ARACHNID
Sunbreakers
Purifier Robes


Exotic/Legendary Armor
Increased the tracking amount of the Scatter Grenade when wearing the Nothing Manacles
Reduced the Golden Gun upkeep penalty for Achlyophage Symbiote
Reduced bonus Ammo Inventory granted by Machine Gun Ammo Armor Perk (by -33%)
Crucible
General
The following changes have been made to address the abundance of special and heavy weapon kills in the Crucible. We will be continuing to monitor usage in both PVE and PVP.
Players begin games with Special ammo.
Swapping between Special weapons during Crucible matches now no longer retains ammo between weapons.
Ammo spawn conditions have been changed for all modes except Elimination and Mayhem:
Special ammo spawns after 3 minutes, then respawns every 2 minutes (each crate has its own timer)
Heavy ammo spawns after 5 minutes, only once per match
Reduced the total Ammo Inventory for all Sniper Rifles by roughly 5-7 rounds (exact amount depends on a given weapon's Magazine and Inventory stats)
Reduced the total Ammo Inventory for all Shotguns by roughly 5-7 rounds (exact amount depends on a given weapon's Magazine and Inventory stats)
Reduced the amount of ammo granted by Crucible-specific Heavy Ammo bricks to grant 0.375 of inventory (was 0.5)
This change affects all Machine Guns and only a handful of Rocket Launchers (Truth is one of the affected Rocket Launchers).
Reduced bonus Ammo Inventory granted by Machine Gun Ammo Armor Perk (by -33%)
Increase Special Ammo drop rate in all PVE activities to offset the reduced Inventory for Shotguns and Sniper Rifles
Sparrow, Pike, and Interceptor kills will now report unique score values instead of the generic "Vehicle Kill"
The "Ace" Elimination medal now requires wiping the enemy team in 20 seconds or less
Year 1 Shaders have been added back into the list of possible rewards for completing Crucible matches
Increased Legendary item drop rate for completing Crucible matches
Increased Reputation gains completing Crucible matches


Quests & Bounties
Fixed an issue where players were incorrectly receiving credit for the quest "Draw From the Void" outside of the Crucible
Fixed an issue where some score-based quests and bounties were not progressing properly at the end of a match
The Crucible bounty "Trial Run" will no longer appear for players who are below level 40, as they cannot compete in Trials of Osiris


Playlists
Control
Maps added: Asylum, Firebase Delphi, The Anomaly, The Burning Shrine, and The Cauldron
Maps removed: Bastion, First Light, and Skyshock
Elimination
Revive timers now start at 7 seconds and increase by 7 seconds each time players are revived
Inferno Rumble
Reduced score to win from 2000 to 1500
Mayhem Rumble
Reduced score to win from 35000 to 25000
Fixed an issue where the Playlist tooltip indicated an incorrect Fireteam size requirement


Iron Banner
Lord Saladin's inventory has been updated with items at Ranks 3-5, some with re-rolled perks
Rank package rewards have been adjusted:
Increased Rank 3 package Artifact to 320 Light
Increased Rank 5 package Ghost to 320 Light
Rank 5 packages can now reward items from the current event
Iron Banner Armor and Weapons can now be earned at Rank 0 at the end-of-activity
Removed Legendary Engrams from the possible end-of-activity rewards list, creating a greater chance to receive Iron Banner specific items
"Iron Domination" daily bounty now requires completing a match with a personal score of 1500 instead of winning a match with 2500
"Iron Versatility" bounty now only requires 7 Heavy Weapon kills to complete
Fixed an issue where players below Rank 5 could roll a reward they were ineligible for, resulting in no reward being given
Fixed an issue where the Iron Banner ship was missing a part of its frame


Trials of Osiris
Fixed an issue in which weapons in the Lighthouse chest did not have the appropriate equip requirement of being Level 40
"His Eye Upon You" bounty may now be repeated daily with easier requirements:
Reduced the match completion requirements to 7 matches (was 10 matches)
Reduced the Fireteam kills requirements to 50 kills (was 75 kills)


Maps
Cathedral of Dusk
Adjusted Rift spawn settings to push players closer to the front line and reduce the frequency of spawning at the far back of the map
Crossroads
Fixed an issue where players could get stuck out of environment if they fell off behind capture point "B"
Fixed an exploit where players could hide in a spot outside of the normal play area
Frontier
Fixed an issue where players could get stuck on concrete sacks near capture point "B"
Fixed an exploit where players could reach an unintended advantageous position
Memento
Adjusted Rift spark location for better balance
Pantheon
Adjusted Rift spawn settings to push players closer to the front line and reduce the frequency of spawning at the far back of the map
Items
General
An additional page of Vault Space has been added to all accounts, bringing the capacity counts up to 108 weapon, 108 armor, and 72 miscellaneous slots
Mystery Bags can now be previewed before opening to look at the list of potential contents
Year 1 ships have been added to the Crucible & Vanguard Reputation rank up packages
Reputation Buffs have been added to Vanguard, Crucible, and House of Judgement Reputation rank up packages
Abandoned Quest Kiosk has been added to the Reef
12 new Eververse Emotes have been updated to new Spring 2016 Season (northern hemisphere)
Winter Season Emotes have been moved into a Winter 2015 Emote Mystery Bag
Fixed an issue in which Crimson Days ghosts could not be previewed
Fixed an issue in which Raid ghosts could not be previewed


Sterling Treasures
Players are guaranteed to receive up to three Sterling Treasures per account by doing these actions after the weekly reset:
Logging a character into the game
Completing the Level 41 Prison of Elders
Completing a match in the weekly featured Crucible playlist
Items found Inside:
Taken Gear (Vanity)
Chroma
Reputation Buffs


Chroma
Chroma allows players to customize illumination (White, Yellow, Blue, and Red) on special items
Chroma can be applied to many armor sets:
"Spektar" Armor Set can be found within the Sterling Treasure boxes
These specialized sets can be found in the Crucible/Vanguard reputation packages:
"Spektar Pandion" Titan Superior Gear
"Spektar Aspriet" Hunter Superior Gear
"Spektar Haliaetus" Warlock Superior Gear
These specialized sets can be found in their respective reputation packages:
"Spektar Heliopause" Dead Orbit Gear
"Spektar Infinite" Future War Cult Gear
"Spektar Kallipolis" New Monarchy Gear
Chroma can applied to many weapons:
These Fallen weapons can be found in House of Judgement reputation packages:
"Hand of Judgement" Scout Rifle
"Stolen Pride" Hand Cannon
"Crow's Eye" Sidearm
"Soulstealer's Claw" Auto Rifle
"Aegis of the Reef" Pulse Rifle
These Queens Faction weapons can be found in Prison of Elders:
"Final Duty" Pulse Rifle
"Her Revenge" Hand Cannon
"Her Memory" Auto Rifle"
"Lethe Noblesse" Scout Rifle
"Queens Choice" Sidearm
"Techeun Rage" Fusion Rifle
"Her Champion" Shotgun
"Her Fury" Sniper Rifle
"The Nightmare" Rocket Launcher
"Bane of the Taken" Machine Gun
UI
Players can now adjust their HUD transparency level from the Settings menu
Roster UI now sorts friends who are signed into a character above players who have not selected a character yet
Technical
Fixed a potential crash when using the Graviton Forfeit exotic helmet
Fixed a possible out of memory crash during King's Fall raid for PlayStation 3

Destiny Weapon Tuning - April Update
From the desk of Senior Designer Jon Weisnewski:

Greetings internet friends! Did we miss each other? I hope so. We're back once more to talk about weapon and gameplay tuning that is headed to Destiny once the April update goes live. Designer Greg Peng and I have been working hard turning knobs, digesting data, playtesting, and then playtesting some more. As with all of these updates, I imagine some of these changes will be anticipated... and some not. I'm sure you'll discuss this at length. Shaxx and I will be waiting for you in the Crucible on April 12.

BASE WEAPON CHANGES
AUTO RIFLES
High Rate-of-Fire (RoF) bullet hoses have been leading the pack in terms of competitive viability. Low RoF auto rifles are slightly behind their faster firing brethren. We're tipping the scales ever so slightly on these weapons to try and create more options.

Goals:

Auto Rifle is optimal at close to medium range
Legendary low RoF Auto Rifles are a viable competitive choice
High Rate of Fire auto rifles are viable but not best in class
Changes:

Low RoF (Suros Regime, An Answering Chord, Anguish of Drystan): 2.3% increase in base damage
High RoF (Doctrine of Passing, Arminius-D): 2.5% reduction in base damage
Improvement to hip fire final accuracy
PULSE RIFLES
As with the auto rifles, the lowest RoF pulse rifles aren't quite as effective as the faster firing models. The damage increase here doesn't reduce bursts to kill against high Armor players in PVP, but it will provide more damage per burst which will help when team shooting and getting clean up kills.

Goals:

Pulse Rifle is optimal at medium range, but can still effectively engage enemies at close or medium-long range
Legendary low RoF pulse rifles are a viable competitive choice
Changes:

Low RoF (The Messenger, Spare Change, Lyudmila-D): 3% increase from previous base damage
HAND CANNONS
Hand Cannons were running lean on ammo inventory during PVP streaks and lengthy PVE encounters. We are increasing their ammo inventory amounts by a bit to not leave you scrounging for white bricks too often, but not so much that you don't need to worry about making shots count.

Goals:

Hand Cannons are optimal at close to medium range
Rewards agility under fire, precision targeting, and snap shots
Hand Cannons have enough ammo to last longer streaks in all activities
Changes:

Increase ammo inventory for all Hand Cannons
FUSION RIFLES
The changes made in the last patch were somewhat more in depth than a blanket stability reduction: changing the ADS/Hip bolt spread paradigm as well as charge rate/damage tradeoffs. Rather than continue to play with nuance, this time we're just going to do a blanket stability improvement.

Goals:

Fusion Rifles are optimal at mid-range, where targets are easier to track but they're not close enough to attack while charging up
Require combat foresight and the ability to predict a target's movement to use successfully
Low Stability does not make Fusion Rifles overly difficult to use.
Changes:

Fusion rifles are more stable across the board. The maximum stability for a fusion rifle has not changed much, but the baseline minimum stability is much stronger (40% recoil reduction), and we linearly ramp up from there.
Fixed bug where some outlying fusion rifle scopes had unintended increased zoom that was removed in Year Two. 
SNIPER RIFLES
The intent for Sniper Rifles has always been lethality at a distance using a measured approach. There are a few scopes and models of Sniper Rifles that are pushing the limits of "distance" and allowing for pretty effective twitch combat shooting at what many would consider medium range. These changes aren't intended to remove that style of combat, but they are intended to put the player at slightly longer ranges for that style to be as effective as it is currently.

Goals:

Sniper Rifles are optimal at long range, and difficult to use for medium to short range combat
Sniper Rifles reward thumb skill with high damage against precision targets
Changes:

Increase base zoom distance on the lowest range sniper scopes. Medium to long range scopes are untouched
Increase base zoom distance on Sniper Rifles that did not have Optics enhancing scope nodes: Hereafter, Black Spindle, Patience & Time, Stillpiercer
Add 2 frames of zoom time to base Sniper handling
Reduce Snapshot perk to 20% benefit to base zoom time (down from 30%)
Reduce Stability across all Sniper Rifle stats so that reacquiring a target after firing requires more care
Addressed a bug where Zen Moment was not providing perk benefit to Sniper Rifles
Zen Moment removed from uncommon and rare sniper grids
Legendary Hakke Sniper Rifles trade Zen Moment for Performance Bonus
Legendary Omolon Sniper Rifles trade Zen Moment for Battle Runner
AMMO ECONOMY
We've heard pretty consistent feedback about the prevalence of special and heavy ammo in The Crucible. Data shows an uptick in Special weapon time equipped starting around December.



A while ago, the PVP design team made some changes to ammo spawns in 3v3 gametypes, and they'll have some more changes to PVP ammo in 2.2.0. In addition to game mode ammo rules, we want to put some limits on how much ammo players get and horde during a PVP match.

Goals:

Special and Heavy ammo is a valued commodity over the course of a Crucible match
Players should be mindful of ammo conservation
The choice to use a Special weapon should be based on recognizing a strategic opportunity
Using Ice Breaker or Sidearms to "charge up" your ammo reserves for other weapons is not intended
Changes:

Swapping special weapons in PVP now completely removes special ammo until more is found on the map
Reduce the total Ammo Inventory for all Sniper Rifles by roughly 5-7 rounds (exact amount depends on a given weapon's Magazine and Inventory stats)
Reduce the total Ammo Inventory for all Shotguns by roughly 5-7 rounds (exact amount depends on a given weapon's Magazine and Inventory stats)
Increase Special Ammo drop rate in all PVE activities to offset the reduced Inventory for Shotguns and Sniper Rifles
Reduce the fraction of ammo granted by purple bricks in PVP. This change affects all Machineguns and only a handful of Rocket Launchers (Truth is one of the affected Rocket Launchers).
Reduced bonus Ammo Inventory granted by Machinegun Ammo Armor Perk by 33%
PLAYER RESURRECTION
Ally resurrection is a huge strategic factor in high intensity PVP and PVE. In the safety of cover or during a lull in combat it is an obvious helping hand to extend to your dead buddy. However, when an ally meets their end smack in the middle of a frantic firefight it should be with great peril that one risks their safety to bring them back. There are a number of elements in place that help players assess the risk/reward of sticking their neck out to revive a friend: time to resurrect, interactive prompt distance to Ghost, and resurrection overshield.

Right now these elements can be used in a variety of ways (and in combination with exotic armor) to greatly reduce the risk of bringing back a downed Fireteam member in the heat of combat. The downstream result of that starts to trend towards a trivialized death penalty and recklessness during the activities that have been built to require precision gameplay. 

Goals:

Resurrecting a player in the heat of combat should require the reviving player to put themselves at risk
Revive sniping in PVP should not be limited to a handful of Sniper Rifles
Changes:

Reduce interactive radius of resurrection prompt by .5 meters
Increase base time to resurrect by .25 seconds
Re-prioritize Overshield so that it takes precision damage modifiers (previously it did not) which allows more Sniper archetypes to get res-kills
Only a few PvE combatants deal precision damage so aside from a few exceptions this only affects the PVP mechanic
Adjust resurrection invincibility frames so that the moment a player can move and take damage are more consistent in most networking conditions
Reduce resurrection time bonus on exotic armor (Crest of Alpha Lupi, Light Beyond Nemesis) to 30% (down from 40%)
WEAPON PERKS
Eye of the Storm

Perk now improves error angle in addition to projectile accuracy so players can see the hip reticle contract as the perk activates
Icarus

Airborne inaccuracy reduced by an additional +9% (was 66% reduction, now 75% reduction)
Aggressive Ballistics
Aggressive Ballistics is a barrel perk that adds the highest damage increase to the weapon when selected, and can also roll on a handful of exotic and legendary primary weapons. This perk in particular has made balancing a few archetypes very tricky - bringing up the base damage to a certain threshold will make these weapons with Aggressive Ballistics abnormally lethal for that archetype. This change affects Aggressive Ballistics on all weapons.

Changes:
Damage increase now asks for a -20 stability trade off (from -10)
EXOTIC & LEGENDARY WEAPON TUNING
MIDA Multi Tool
Holy ****!! 



Ignoring popularity, we think MIDA is fairly balanced in the global scale of weapons but I'm sure many non-MIDA users are starting to get tired of seeing that name come up in their death screen. Considering the popularity of the weapon we wanted to preserve how it feels to use but thought it was best to make it a little less horrible to be on the receiving end.

Changes
Remove high caliber rounds from the intrinsic behavior
SUROS Regime

Since we added the Spinning Up perk to this weapon, it has become the dominant playstyle for Suros users. The base damage increase of this archetype made Spinning Up pretty deadly, so we pushed out the perk activation by 4 shots. We are hoping to make the Focus Fire option a little more enticing by adding a base Range increase on the node. When selecting Focus Fire along with other Range enhancements on the grid players can now push the weapon to a max Range stat.

Changes
Selecting Focus Fire grants +45 Range stat
Spinning Up now activates (4 shots) later in the magazine
Hawkmoon
Although Hawkmoon still has the highest damage to magazine ratio for Hand Cannons, the last round of changes left the weapon feeling inaccurate. It is getting a Range increase to help effective range and accuracy.

Changes
Increase base Range stat by 10
The Last Word
In 2.0 we reduced the effective range of The Last Word, but the hip fire accuracy and damage increase provided by The Last Word perk are still pretty strong when working together on this weapon. For the players who have mastered hip fire precision shooting, this weapon can cause 2 hit precision kills which is a very fast kill time on a full auto weapon. To keep the time to kill in line with other exotic primaries, we are removing the damage increase granted from hip fire. The Last Word perk still grants generous Stability and Accuracy when firing from hip.

Changes
No damage bonus is applied from The Last Word perk
Thorn
Thorn is back and better than ever! (Just kidding!) This pass on Thorn maintains the power fantasy of using the weapon in all activities, but makes it significantly less difficult to fight against in PvP.

Changes
Reduce Damage Over Time (DoT) tick damage to the absolute minimum in PvP (1 HP base damage)
Reduce DoT duration in PvP to 4 ticks (down from 6)
Reduce intensity of poison screen effects for the victim to preserve combat effectiveness while poisoned
Ice Breaker
Like Thorn, even though this weapon is "on the bench" in terms of current power level, many people are using it to great advantage to work around ammo restrictions. This is predominantly occurring in high-skill PvP matches, so these changes are targeted at that skill level: aggressive snipers using Ice Breaker for medium range quick sniping will be more affected. For casual players, these changes are targeted at reinforcing Ice Breaker's intended role as a slow paced, long distance combat tool.

Changes
Increase scope zoom Optics to 6x
Reduce base Handling stat to the lowest value for Sniper Rifles
Reduce base Target Acquisition by 25%
"Death swapping" in PVP no longer allows ammo to persist between swapped weapons
Dreg's Promise
When it was released in House of Wolves it was one of two total Sidearms in the game. In the current range of Sidearm options, Dreg's Promise is rarely used so we wanted to give it some attention.

Changes
Projectiles track more aggressively: On fire, targeting locks onto the enemy in your reticle. Damage reduced (40%) and rate of fire reduced to compensate
Damage falloff reduced to match Sidearm archetype range
Lord of Wolves

Changes
Reduce ammo inventory to reflect base Shotgun inventory reduction
Queenbreaker's Bow

Changes
Reduce ammo inventory to reflect base Sniper inventory reduction
Telesto

Changes
Fixed bug that caused Telesto projectiles to despawn when impacting friendly players and Wards of Dawn. Telesto rounds now attach and detonate on friendly targets but do not cause friendly fire.
The Chaperone

Changes
Fixed a bug that was clamping precision damage on shotguns
1000 Yard Stare
This weapon has one of the highest adoption rates for any gun we've ever released. I think there are a number of factors that contribute to this, but the end result is a pretty remarkable spike in weapon usage.

  

This is an interesting situation. We don't like punishing a relatively-balanced weapon just because it is popular, but we also want players to feel like they have options. For now, the safest way to reduce this spike is to preserve the feeling of the weapon, preserve the talent grid rolls that many players are no doubt happy with, and just pull a few rounds out of the Inventory.

Changes
Reduce base Ammo Inventory stat
Quillims Terminus
The Raid Machinegun is one of the most lethal and ammo-rich heavies in the game. As such, it has become the default choice for most people who have it. Data!



Not to keep banging the same drum, but it is important to us that players feel like they have options and that there isn't a single ultimate weapon per archetype.

Changes
Reduce base Stability stat by 9
Reduce base Inventory stat by 15
King's Fall Weapon Set

Anguish of Drystan
Increase Stability stat by 12%
All King's Fall primaries
Increased reload speed


Destiny Hot Fix - 03/08/2016
2.1.1.3 - The one about new matchmaking settings.

As forecast on the Bungie Blog (scroll down to "Download Incoming!"), we're deploying new settings for how we introduce players to their opponents and teammates in the Crucible. Matchmaking now operates with connection quality as the top priority.

General
Updated all of the matchmade Crucible playlists to make use of the higher priority on latency settings
Enabled Damage Referee for all Crucible playlists


Destiny Hot Fix - 02/18/2016
2.1.1.2 - The one with Ghosts.

With the conclusion of Crimson Days, we're making preparations to deliver Ghosts to those Guardians who earned them by competing in seven matches.

General
Added a Crimson Days package to game content so it can be granted to players
Details here: https://www.bungie.net/en/News/Article/44361/7_Believe-in-Ghosts
Qualifying players will receive their rewards on February 22nd or February 23rd


Destiny Update - 02/09/2016
2.1.1 - The one with Crimson Days

With the February Update, players of Destiny will find a new playable activity, enhancements to the way the Crucible operates, as well as some fixes and changes for the overall experience.

New Event: Crimson Days
Grab a partner to celebrate gggggggggggCrimson Days from February 9th, 10AM PST to February 16th, 1AM PST
Grab Quests
Go talk with Lord Shaxx in the Tower to receive the quest "Crimson Bonds" 
Players must be at least Level 40 to be eligible to obtain this quest
Play Crimson Doubles
2v2 PvP Event Playlist: Crimson Doubles
Requires Pre-made Fireteam of 2 
In Crimson Doubles, "Heartbroken" buff is applied to you when your teammate is down that provides maxed stats and faster reload
Weekly Shaxx bounties have been replaced with special Crimson Doubles bounties for the duration of the event
General
Fixed an issue where some emote incidents would appear twice
Fixed a rare issue where the Refer-a-Friend buff was not being properly applied when joining an in-progress activity
Weapons
Fixed an issue where an extra icon on the kiosk was appearing for players who acquired MIDA Multi-Tool exotic weapon for both Year One and Year Two
Fixed an issue with Hakke pulse rifle damage scaling to bring them back in line with other pulse rifles
Armor
Fixed the icon for Titan class item Mark of a Kellslayer 
Fixed an issue where the icon for the Hunter artifact Unerring Compass was missing on PlayStation 3 & Xbox 360
Activities
Fixed an issue where the Vienna Singer ship was not dropping at appropriate rates
Nightfall
Reduced the chance for ghost shells to be awarded from completing the weekly in favor of other rewards
Raid: King's Fall
Fixed an issue that allowed players to become immune to the Totem room damage by using a sword's block ability
Totems will now kill players under the totem after an extended period of time
Fixed an issue on the aura holder when exiting 3rd person, the camera forward would get reset back facing the direction of the players feet
Fixed an issue where the Ogres would teleport when it had issues path finding around previous dropped bombs
Crucible
General
Bounties have been moved to the top of Shaxx's vendor screen
Players now start without special ammo in all 3v3 modes
See developer comments from Derek Carroll
Fixed an issue where the quest step to "Complete a match with 6+ Auto Rifle kills" was not properly registering
The temporary fix applied previously has been removed once again to allow this quest to be turned in properly
Fixed an issue where the text display for Nova Bomb score bonuses was incorrect
Damage Referee has been enabled in the Control playlist for the Crucible
See developer comments from Paul Lewellen
Playlists
New Rotating Playlists
See developer comments from Jeremiah Pieschl
Freelance 3v3 featuring Skirmish, Salvage and Elimination - only accessible by solo players, no fireteams
Freelance 6v6 featuring Control, Clash and Rift - only accessible by solo players, no fireteams
Inferno 3v3 featuring Inferno Skirmish, Inferno Salvage and introducing Inferno Elimination!
Inferno 6v6 featuring Inferno Control and Inferno Clash
Iron Banner
Iron Banner returns on February 23rd, 10AM to February 29th, 1AM PST
Iron Banner armor pieces from Rank 5 packages will now be granted immediately, instead of appearing once you return to Orbit
Increased the base win rep amount by +20% (50 to 60)
Waypoints have been added to Lord Saladin when the Rank 3 and Rank 5 packages are available
Players can no longer recycle into Iron Banner matches after the event has ended
Trials of Osiris
Reduced the postgame wait time by 15 seconds
Adjusted loot tables to make rewards more consistent and less likely to have a non-payout match
Maps
Crossroads
Fixed an issue where some players are able to perch in an advantageous position on a giant tree root
The Timekeeper
Removed dynamic objects and moved overtime objective to help it play better in Elimination
Items
Fixed an issue where Reputation was being awarded when dismantling the Future War cult ship "The Climb" 
Access to the ship via the kiosk has been re-enabled
Fixed an issue where the icon on Gunsmith vendor screen to display the correct reputation


Destiny Hot Fix - 12/09/2015
Fresh on the heels of 2.1.0, we are fixing some issues that had a negative impact on the items in your inventories.

Items
Fixed an issue where Exotic Leg Engrams did not decrypt into any items.
Fixed an issue where copies of "The Climb" FWC Ship was incorrectly providing Reputation. 
This has been temporarily disabled on the Ship Collection kiosk and will be fixed in a future update.
Fixed an issue where the SRL Record Book, Vol. 1 items did not require the player to own the Record Book in order to acquire them.  
Record Book items will not be deleted from players' inventories, but will now require ownership of the SRL Record Book in order to equip the items.
Any progress already made towards the Record Book will be saved.
Warning: Record Book gear can only be acquired once. We are working on a future fix to allow players to attain additional instances in case of accidental deletion.


Destiny Update - 12/08/2015
2.1.0 : The one with Sparrow Racing League
Edited on December 10th, 2015

New!
The SRL event is live in the Tower until December 29th
Talk to Amanda Holliday to get started on Sparrow Racing Quests and Bounties
Race to unlock new SRL rewards
Check out Eververse for a new stock of items
Classes
General
Fixed some issues where the player could sometimes get stuck in a slow sprint speed
Players can now use charged melee attacks while tethered by Hunter's Shadowshot ability

Titan

An in-depth overview of Titan changes

Sunbreaker
Melee
Titan Melee: Extended Titan Melee range (+12.5%)
Sunstrike: Decreased DOT Time (6.5s -> 5.5s)
Super
Hammer of Sol: Reduced Damage Resistance during Super (-9.09%)
Hammer of Sol: Slowed Hammer travel speed by (-1.32%)
Hammer of Sol: Reduced the ability to create never ending chain of explosions 
Passives
Forgemaster: Reduced Splash damage detonation radius multiplier) (-20%)
Flameseeker: Turned down Hammer tracking bonus (-25%)
Flameseeker: Removed +1 Recovery, and +1 Agility stat bonuses
Fleetfire: Addeded +1 Agility stat
Firekeeper: Added +1 Recovery stat
Cauterize: Added cooldown (0s->3s)
Movement
Catapult Lift: Faster Initial velocity (+5%)
Striker
Melee
Titan Melee: Extended Titan Melee range (+12.5%)
Storm Fist: Increased base damage (+18.2%)
Overload: Now also provides faster melee recharge (+50%)
Discharge: Additional Damage (+7.69%)
Discharge: Changed AOE to spherical shape
Amplify: Increased Super energy bonus (+30%)
Passives
Headstrong: Now also provides Faster Sprint
Transfusion: Improved cooldown (5s->2s)
Unstoppable: Now provides +2 Armor (+1 additional)
Unstoppable: Increased damage resistance (+25%)
Juggernaut: Improved Shield health (+14.3%)
Juggernaut: Now works when airborne
Movement
Catapult Lift: Faster Initial velocity (+5%)
Defender
Melee
Titan Melee: Extended Titan Melee range (+12.5%)
Super
Ward of Dawn: Recharged Grenade and Melee Abilities on Super cast
Movement
Catapult Lift: Faster Initial velocity (+5%)
Weapons
An in-depth overview of Weapon changes

Auto Rifles
Small increase to base damage
Low RoF (Suros Regime, An Answering Chord): 0.30% increase from previous base damage
Med RoF (Zhalo Supercell, Paleocontact JPK-43): 0.78% increase from previous base damage
High RoF (Arminius-D, Necrochasm): 0.04% increase from previous base damage
Pulse Rifles
Reduced base damage
Low RoF (The Messenger, Spare Change): 14.23% reduction from previous base damage
Med RoF (Hawksaw, No Time To Explain, Red Death): 10.69% reduction from previous base damage
High RoF (Bad Juju): 8.17% reduction from previous base damage
Highest RoF (Grasp of Marok): 2.97% reduction from previous base damage
Reduced damage falloff to start between Auto Rifle and Hand Cannon ranges
A low range Pulse Rifle will have shorter damage falloff than an average Hand Cannon
A high range Pulse Rifle will have farther damage falloff than an average Hand Cannon
Increased base damage against AI combatants by roughly 5%
Hand Cannons
Increased ADS Accuracy for more reliable shooting at close to medium range
Shotguns
Reduced damage falloff to start at melee lunge ranges
Low range falloff starts at standard melee lunge
High range falloff starts at Blink Strike lunge
Final damage falloff extends 0.5 meters longer for a smoother drop
Slower ready/put away time for all shotguns
Additional recoil on weapon fire for all Stability values
Slower reload speed for all Reload stat values
Slower time to Aim Down Sights speed for all shotguns
Slower movement speed when shotgun is held. Walk and Aim Down Sights movement is affected. Sprint is unaffected
Add 2 frames delay when firing out of sprint
Increased base damage against AI combatants by roughly 5%
Fixed Kneepad perk on Hakke shotguns
Fusion Rifles
Increased Charge Speed on fast charging Fusion Rifles. Reduce burst damage to compensate
Fusion rifles behave more predictably based on player state
Reduced Hip Fire Stability for all fusions
Increased ADS and Crouched Stability for all fusions
Reduction in carried inventory for all fusion rifles
10% increase to PvE damage bonus to offset
Sniper Rifles
Extended Sniper Rifle damage falloff so damage only reduces on very long range shots
Luck in the Chamber on Omolon Sniper Rifles now only buffs precision damage
Sidearms
Increased ready speed for all Sidearms
Swords
Arc and Void sword guard abilities can now survive a single Hammer of Sol
Exotics
The First Curse
The First Curse perk now refills the magazine when activated, provides better Stability, better Target Acquisition, and damage falloff starts further out while the perk remains active
+25 to First Curse base range
Fixed a bug where The First Curse perk would deactivate if the player summoned their Ghost
Boost to Imprecation base range and Magazine Size
Hawkmoon
Reduced base Range by 20
Lucky bullets from Luck in the Chamber and Holding Aces now deal 1.2x bonus damage (was 1.3x bonus damage)
The Chaperone
Reduced base damage. Increase precision damage scalar.
Dragon's Breath
Remove Pyromancer and Tripod perks
Replaced with Surplus and Who's Next
Add intrinsic perk Napalm: Rocket fires on a remote detonation trigger
Hold to trigger to fire, release trigger to detonate
Detonation drops a Solar Damage napalm canister
Reduced projectile speed to help timing of the trigger release. Reduce detonation radius of initial rocket. Reduce mag size to 1, increase Inventory
Fabian Strategy
Front Lines perk on Fabian Strategy no longer buffs Rate of Fire as a bonus modifier 
Front Lines now increases the base Rate of Fire stat to highest speed
Damage per bullet is offset to match the High RoF archetype
Remove Extended Mag perk and replaced with Flared Magwell
Remove Small Bore perk and replaced with Rifled Barrel
Increased base Reload and base Stability on the weapon to help offset the benefits the removed stat upgrade were providing
Black Spindle
Removed scope upgrades from Black Spindle talent grid (Spindle only has one scope) and replaced with Barrel upgrades
Super Good Advice
Reduced chance that SGA returns ammo on missed shot by 20%
Added a chance for SGA to pull inventory ammo into magazine on landed shot
Sleeper Simulant
Maximum inventory ammo buffed (from 7 -> 9)
Ammo swap exploit removed (weapon no longer converts one ammo from a different heavy weapon to a full inventory)
Inventory no longer benefits from Fusion Rifle armor perks, but does benefit from Heavy Ammo armor perks
Armor
General
Exotic Collector's Edition class armor may now be Infused and now has the Life Exotic perk to permit use with other Exotic Armor
Fixed an issue where some Rare Leg armor was not granting its bonus ammo perks to certain exotics
Fixed an issue where the Warlock Helm armor Salicin Fen II so it no longer uses a leg armor talent grid
Exotics
Taikonaut
No longer turns off tracking for rocket launchers that have tracking
ATS/8 Tarantella
Arc Damage Reduction applies to vehicles
Achlyophage Symbiote
Time you can have golden gun active is reduced
Nothing Manacles
Slightly turned down the tracking on the scatter grenade
No Backup Plans
Shotgun activating force barrier only works for defender titans
Skull of Dire Ahamkara
Has been added to the Exotic Blueprint Collection
Activities
Hive Ship
Various chests around the Hiveship will now grant Hadium Flakes instead of Wormspore
Strikes
Will of Crota strike has been added to the Vanguard Strikes and Vanguard Heroic Strikes playlists 
Nightfall
Nightfalls now awards +500 Vanguard Rep on first completion per character per week
Crucible
General
3 of Coins are now applicable in Crucible playlists at match completions
Playlists
Zone Control scoreboard now sorts players based on "Advantage Kills" (kills when their team holds 2+ zones)
Inferno Rumble now has the correct tooltip information
Mercy Rule no longer applies to the Rumble playlist
Rumble playlist must now be entered as a solo player
Classic rumble will continue to allow Fireteams up to 3
Bounties
"Returning Victor" weekly bounty has been removed from rotation
Fixed some issues where some bounties were not accurately reflecting the playlist/game type they must be completed in
Maps
Aslyum
Heavy Ammo spawn locations have been moved away from the center of the map 
Fixed an issue with a small hole in the environment 
Black Shield
Adjusted Alpha Team's Rift spawn location to make it slightly easier for Bravo to score
Crossroads
Fixed an issue where the teleporter would break for a player until they respawned
Frontier
Fixed some issues where players were able to get out of environment
Memento
Fixed some issues where players were spawning in bad locations
Fixed some issues where players were able to get out of environment
Adjusted spawn locations for Rift game mode
Pantheon
Fixed some issues where players were spawning in view of an enemy 
The Burning Shrine
Fixed some issues where players were able to get out of environment
Fixed some issues where players were spawning in view of an enemy 
Vertigo
Fixed an issue where some players able to perch in an unfair position on an interior wall
Fixed some issues where players were able to get out of environment
Items
Dead Orbit, FWC, New Monarchy, and Eris now accept certain planetary materials in exchange for their respective faction reputation 
Petra now accepts Etheric Light in exchange for her respective reputation 
Year 1 Dead Orbit, FWC, and New Monarchy ships may now be obtained from their respective faction reward packages
Frontier Ghost Shell can now be infused
Inventory
Discarding an Exotic Shard now takes longer button press time to prevent mistaken discards
Audio
Fixed an issue where all sound was too loud across the game
Technical
Fixed a rare crash on Xbox One during sign on


Destiny Update - 11/17/2015
Update 2.0.2 - The one about Weapon Parts and Crucible Bounties

Your quality of life in the Crucible is about to become more Legendary. We're also fixing Nightstalker abilities, alleviating the famine of weapon parts, and delivering some other changes that impact activities and items.

Classes
Nightstalker Hunter
2.0.1.2 Hotfix fixed an issue where extra shots from Quiver was creating infinite Shadowshot
Re-enabled the talent node to provide three shots correctly
Activities
Fixed an issue where the Warsat completion time was calculating incorrectly when a large number of Guardians were present
Fixed an issue where the Tower was featured for Red Bull questlines in the Director for non-eligible players
Strikes
Fixed an issue where players were able to go out of environment during the Fallen S.A.B.E.R strike

Raid: King's Fall
Fixed an issue where the Daughters of Oryx death scream volume was too loud
Quests & Bounties
Fixed an issue where joining players during certain phases of the Paradox mission would start an alternate encounter
Fixed an issue where a "Taken Trials" quest step could be completed outside the Dreadnaught
Crucible
General
Fixed an issue that prevented the Mercy Rule from properly disabling players from joining in-progress
Warlock Radiance kills will now award +10 points to bring it in line with other Supers. 
These points stack on grenade, melee, and precision bonuses 
Radiance kills in the Crucible now include all kills during Radiance, with both weapons and abilities
This simplifies the "Sheathed in Flame" Warlock-specific Crucible bounty and final step of the "Master of Flame" quest involving Radiance kills
Fixed an issue where the Crucible faction rank-up package icon was incorrectly using the Vanguard icon
Drop rates for Legendary Items in Normal Crucible have been increased
Quests & Bounties
Subclass quests no longer require the player to unlock them one sub-class at a time
Quest and bounty steps that previously required wins now only require match completion
Fixed an issue where the daily Crucible bounty "Healthy Balance" was not properly completing on match completions
The "Featured Matches" weekly Crucible bounty now awards +3 points per win and +1 point for completion. Progress is not lost on losses 
The daily Crucible bounty "Live Fire Exercise" will now count top 3 finishes in Rumble as wins
The daily Crucible bounty "Cover Fire" will now also complete when defeating an enemy player as the Spark Runner
Changes to the "Crucible Forged" quest chain that unlocks Shaxx's weekly bounties:
Crucible Forged Quest 1 
Unchanged
Crucible Forged Quest 2 
Players must deploy 3 Relic Probes in the Salvage playlist instead of finishing captures
Crucible Forged Quest 3
Unlocked on completion of Quest 1
Step 1: Player must complete 2 matches in the Daily playlist
Step 2: Player must complete 2 matches in the Weekly Featured playlist
Step 3: Player must earn 9 points. Wins in the Daily or Weekly Featured playlist are worth 3, completions are worth 1.
Crucible Forged Quest 4
Unlocked on completion of Quest 1 & 2
Player must earn 4 points. Wins in Control are worth 3, completions are worth 1.
Same as above, but in Rift
Same as above, but in Clash
Same as above, but in Rumble
Same as above, but in Skirmish
Same as above, but in Salvage
Crucible Forged Quest 5
Unlocked on completion of Quest 1 & 2
Player must earn 9 points. Wins in Elimination are worth 3, completions are worth 1.
Crucible Forged Quest 6
Unlocked on completion of Quest 1 & 2
The player must complete 8 matches with at least 1,200 Score. No wins required.
Crucible Forged Quest 7
Unlocked on completion of Quest 1 & 2
Steps no longer require wins
Step 1: The player must complete 4 matches with at least six Auto-Rifle kills
Step 2: The player must complete 4 matches with at least six Pulse Rifle kills
Step 3: The player must complete 4 matches with at least six Scout Rifle kills
Step 4: The player must complete 4 matches with at least six Hand Cannon kills
Crucible Forged Quest 8
Still requires completion of all other Crucible Forged Quests to unlock
Players must earn 20 points. Wins in any playlist are worth 3, match completions are worth 1. No regression on loss
Still unlocks Weekly Crucible Bounties account-wide on completion, which can drop 300+ Light gear and Exotics
Iron Banner
Increased drop rate for Legendary Gear in the Iron Banner playlist
Increased Iron Banner reputation gain from games by 20%
Added a package at Ranks 3 & Rank 5 that grants additional rewards to the player
Known issue: Some of the items from the Rank 5 package will not be awarded when you open it until you return to orbit 
Added an Iron Banner Ghost Shell that can also drop in the playlist at Rank 5
Gear that buffs Iron Banner Faction reputation gain now have corresponding perk description and icons
Fixed an issue where Tempered Buff was not correctly appearing in the Character Screen
Maps
Adjusted Rumble landing positions on Frontier for better spacing
Moved Heavy ammo crates on Asylum
Added Asylum to the Skirmish playlist
Added invisible physics and kill volumes to prevent players from going out-of-bounds on The Burning Shrine, Frontier, and Vertigo
Fixed text in the introduction to Widow's Court
Items
Banshee-44 has remembered where he was keeping his stores of Weapon Parts, and now sells them for Glimmer
Faction Rep turn-ins have accordingly been reduced in value from 75 Rep back down to 50 Rep per 25 Parts
Shaxx now sells all three Legendary Swords to players who complete the quest "Blademaster" to obtain one of the Exotic Swords 
Legendary Swords now have a Level Requirement of 40
Fixed an issue where players could not accept a refurbished Arcadia ship from Amanda Holliday if they already had one in their Vault
Inventory
The Agonarch Rune can no longer be transferred to the Vault or between characters to prevent a circumstance where that action would lock the player's other characters out of potential rewards
Charged Agonarch Runes can still be vaulted and transferred between character
Fixed an issue where the "Wolfsgrin" emblem was not available from the Collection station if the player had a full collection
Fixed an issue where the "Laurea Prima" emblem would keep getting awarded to the player upon entering Orbit


Destiny Hot Fix - 10/20/2015
2.0.1.2 - The One about Shadowshot

The Nightstalker has been running wild with unlimited power in the sandbox. With this fix, we're bringing the new Void Super ability back into check, along with increases to rewards for specific activities and other changes to the player experience.


Classes
Nightstalker Hunter
Temporarily removed the extra shots from Quiver to avoid unlimited Shadowshots
This is a temporary fix, and the node will be restored in a fixed state in an upcoming patch
Activities
Daily Heroic Story
Removed deprecated Quest requirements from "Siege of the Warmind" 
Removed deprecated Quest requirements from "The Wakening" 

Weekly Nightfall Strike
Increased the base level of Nightfall Legendary rewards by 10 Attack/Defense
Increased the chance of Legendary rewards by 10% (from 50% to 60%)
Increased the number of Strange Coins or Three of Coins awards
Ghosts have been added to the Legendary reward loot table
Legendary Engrams no longer drop from Nightfall Strike boss kills
They will continue to drop their unique Legendary items 
Removed Antiquated Runes from the loot tables

King's Fall
King's Fall Hard Mode will be available at 10AM on 10/23
Recommended Light is 310
King's Fall Hard Mode has the following changes:
King's Fall Hard Mode rewards will drop up to 320 Light
Oryx in Hard Mode will guarantee a Raid item drop each week, without requiring Moldering Shards
Oryx in Normal mode will still require Moldering Shards
Moldering Shards can drop in King's Fall Hard Mode, but only if a character hasn't cleared King's Fall Normal for the week
Crucible
Weekly Crucible Bounty
Increased base level of Weekly Crucible Bounty Legendary rewards by 10 Attack
Increased number of Strange Coins awarded
Ghosts have been added to the Legendary reward loot table


Destiny Update - 10/13/2015
2.0.1 - The one with Eververse Trading Company.

General
Tess Everis has returned from her vacation and is now back at her station in the Tower
Added a new currency, Silver, that can be purchased from console stores
Tess's booth has been given a facelift to reflect her new venture with the Eververse Trading Company
Lord Saladin has returned from his hiatus and brings new wares for Iron Banner challengers
Players who may have deleted their pre-order Ghost Shells after the Taken King Launch can now obtain them again from the Speaker
Fixed an issue where some Taken King Collector's Edition purchasers did not receive their Shaders
They can now be obtained from the Shader Collections Kiosk
Fixed an issue where some of the Year 1 Special Order Emblems and Shaders were not appearing in Collections
Weapons
"Shot Package" perks have been removed and replaced on Shotguns with a non-range-boosting perk
Fixed an issue where Black Spindle had an unintended +20 Attack bonus
Fixed an issue in which Rare Sniper Rifle scope upgrades did not correctly show progress
Fixed an issue in which activating the "Eye of the Storm" perk was not using correct feedback when readying weapon
Fixed an issue in which the "Second Wind" perk was incorrectly applying on the initial spawn
Armor
Players can now reroll Stat nodes and Upgrade nodes on Exotic armor via the "Twist Fate" node
Twist Fate will require Glimmer, Armor materials, and a Glass Needle, which will be available from Xur during his weekly visits


Exotics
Fixed an issue where No Back Up Plans did not consistently trigger Force Barrier on Shotgun kills
Fixed an issue where the "Air Traffic Control" perk on Taikonaut Helm did not properly increase heavy ammo drop rate with a Rocket Launcher equipped
Smoke Bombs used with Sealed Ahamkara Grasps no longer costs two charges
Quests & Bounties
Fixed an issue where Hunter and Warlock class level-up quests were not giving rewards for the correct level
Fixed an issue with some Year 1 Exotic Bounty items that were causing lingering waypoints to remain over various NPCs
Fixed several issues where some bounties were not correctly requiring players to complete Court of Oryx encounters within the stated time on the issued bounty
Affected Bounties: "Challenge the Court: Reciprocal Rune", "Challenge the Court: Stolen Rune," "Challenge the Court: Antiquated Rune"
Fixed an issue where some Vanguard bounties were incorrectly granting credit across entire Fireteams
Affected Bounties: "Heavyweight", "Specialized Rampage", "Enemy in Every Corner", "Invincible"
Fixed an issue where it was possible to not get charges on an Agonarch Rune if another Rune was completed in the same week
Strikes
Weekly Heroic Playlist now shows how many Weekly Bonus Legendary Mark awards remain
Fixed an issue where players were not transitioning to Return to Orbit upon Phogoth's death
Fixed an issue where players were not transitioning to Return to Orbit phase upon Omnigul's death
Raid: King's Fall
Increased the number of potential Shards and added additional materials in the first King's Fall chest
Blighted Light explosion size has been changed to encompass the entire Arena
Crucible
General
Shaxx's Weekly Bounties now unlock across all characters after completing the Crucible Questline on one character
Damage curves have been adjusted for all power-enabled playlists to account for the new Light levels in Year 2
Distinct audio cues have been created for teammate and enemy revives
Weekly Crucible bounty "Featured Matches" now properly progresses in weekly featured playlists in addition to daily featured playlists
Weekly Crucible bounties "Featured Matches" and "Making an Impact" now also count top 3 finishes in Rumble as wins, to be consistent with other Crucible quest and bounty steps
"Hold the Line" bounty now only requires being near only one of your teammates (instead of two)
Fixed an issue where the "Largest Multi-Kill" stat on the Mayhem scoreboard did not accumulate correctly


Playlists
Thieves' Den has been removed from the Rift playlist
Added Twilight Gap and Asylum to Elimination playlist
Removed Thieves' Den from Doubles playlist
Removed The Anomaly and Firebase Delphi from Inferno Salvage and Inferno Skirmish playlists


Iron Banner
Iron Banner is now enabled for the week of 10/13 - 10/19
Requires a minimum Character Level of 40
Recommended Light for Iron Banner is 230
Game completion rewards have been reworked to be a more valid source for Iron Banner rewards
End-of-match rewards now include both weapons and armor (including items available on Lord Saladin)
New Emblems have been added to Lord Saladin's inventory
Lord Saladin now has three daily bounties and three weekly bounties that award Legendary Marks
Gear purchased from Lord Saladin now requires Legendary Marks (instead of Glimmer)
Tempered buff is now automatically applied to your character and continues to grow in effectiveness each day of the event week


Trials of Osiris
Trials of Osiris will be enabled the weekend of 10/16-10/18
Requires a minimum Character Level of 40
Requires a minimum Light of 251; Recommended Light is 290
Winning teams now receive Trials gear rewards directly at the end-of-match completion
Players that go undefeated on their Passage will continue to be invited to The Lighthouse
Players may continue to play in the Trials past 9 wins (but rewards are maxed out at 9 wins)
Trials Passages now have a Details page containing your Boons
Player must now purchase Boons from the Details page on their Passage instead of from Brother Vance
Boons can no longer be applied to Trials passages after starting a run
Trials gear can be purchased from Brother Vance (including some items found at the Lighthouse)
Brother Vance now has Bounties that award Legendary Marks
Crucible Bounties can now also be completed in Trials of Osiris
Matchmaking has been updated to make it more competitive to reach The Lighthouse
Economy
Sources for Motes of Light have been adjusted:
From completing Public Events have been increased by approximately 100%
From earning XP post-40 have been increased from 3 -> 5
From Faction Rep packages have been reduced from 5 -> 4
From dismantling Rare and Legendary Items have been reduced by approximately 25-30%
From Daily Vanguard and Crucible Bounties have been reduced by approximately 50%
Sources for Strange Coins have been adjusted:
From Faction Rep packages have been reduced from 5 -> 4
From Daily Vanguard and Crucible Bounties have been reduced by approximately 50%
Weapon Parts from dismantling Uncommon or Rare Weapons have been reduced by around 25%
Weapon Part turn-ins at Factions increased from +50 Rep to +75 Rep per turn-in
Materials recovered by Ghost Extractor upgrades reduced (but still guaranteed)
Inventory
Ghost Shells will now be recovered at the Postmaster in your Lost and Found, if you don't have inventory space for them
Technical
Fixed multiple situations that resulted in the game client crashing, including the "Ward of Dawn" and "Firefly" crashes
Fixed some issues where audio would drop


Destiny Hot Fix - 09/30/2015
2.0.0.5 - The one with fewer hammers and more Strike rewards.

This basic piece of housekeeping fixes issues that shipped with The Taken King or were introduced by Update 2.0.0.4.

Classes
Fixed an issue where Titan Sunbreakers could rapidly spam the Hammer of Sol attack
World
Fixed an issue where players were occasionally not getting loot when opening chests
Strikes
Fixed an issue where players were not earning their rightfully-owed equipment from Valus Ta'aurc


Destiny Hot Fix - 09/24/2015
2.0.0.4 - The one that released on the heels of Oryx.

With the first week of Destiny: The Taken King behind us, we're taking an opportunity to address and tackle some of the immediate issues that are impacting the player experience.

General
Fixed an issue with Year 1 Moments of Triumphs in which Golden Chest node completions were disappearing after TTK release
Activities
Quests
Fixed an issue where players who reached Level 40 before turning in the Reach Level 30 objective did not properly receive the Level 40 quest
Fixed an issue where the quest "High Value Targets" did not correctly reward Legendary Marks upon completion
Strikes
Fixed an issue where Year 1 Strikes were not dropping Uncommon and Rare quality gear as intended
World
Some treasure chests in the Dreadnaught are now in a location that only allow them to be looted once per spawn
Xur
Three of Coins now provides a smaller increase in Exotic Engram drop chance when rapidly killing Ultras
Inventory
Dismantling leveled-up Exotics now have a reduced chance to produce 2 Exotic Shards


Destiny: The Taken King
Destiny: The Taken King - The one with Oryx.

The Taken King
Oryx and his army has arrived
Meet them on Phobos, a moon of Mars
Requires The Taken King and a minimum character level of 25
General
Max Character Level Cap now increased to 40 (Requires The Taken King)
New Vanguard and Crucible bounties are now available at your local Bounty Tracker
Year One Moments of Triumph are now locked in history and cannot be progressed
VIP 'Founders Fortune' rewards will be distributed in the Tower (Requires The Taken King)
"Spark of Light" Level 25 Character Boost consumable is available at the Postmaster (Requires The Taken King)
Classes
Subclass quests for new subclasses are now available after the completion of The Coming War story mission (Requires The Taken King)
Activities
Patrols
Patrols now offer rewards once again


Daily Heroics
Required Level: 40
Requires The Taken King
These missions will include selections from Year One and Year Two


Vanguard Strike Playlists
Weekly Heroic Strike has been replaced by the Vanguard Heroic Strike Playlist
There are now three Strike playlists:
Legacy Strike Playlist
Available to all players
Contains all Year One Strikes, including original Dust Palace and Undying Mind Strikes
Vanguard Strike Playlist
Requires The Taken King
Contains all new The Taken King Strikes, as well as 3 remixed Year One Strikes (Dust Palace, Undying Mind, and Cerberus Vae III)
Vanguard Heroic Strike Playlist:
Requires The Taken King
Contains all new The Taken King Strikes, as well as 3 remixed Year One Strikes (Dust Palace, Undying Mind, and Cerberus Vae III)
Heroic Strikes earn bonus rewards on weekly completion:
Legendary Engram (1 time per character)
+10 Legendary Marks (3 times per account)
Playing multiple Strikes without returning to orbit increases reward chances
All The Taken King and Updated Strikes now feature random encounter variation and may contain Taken combatants


Nightfall
Required Level: 40
Requires The Taken King
Wiping in Darkness Zones no longer kicks player to orbit
Resurrection timer is now a 30-second cooldown (must be resurrected by teammates)
Crucible
Year Two Crucible is now in effect (Requires the Taken King):
Rift, Control, Clash, Skirmish, Salvage, Rumble, Elimination are now Year Two core playlists
When Trials of Osiris is active, Elimination will only be playable via Trials of Osiris playlist
Featured Daily and Weekly activities are now active
Year One Core Playlists now contains Classic 6v6, Classic 3v3 and Classic FFA playlists
Tower
Cryptarch
The Cryptarchs will now exchange Legendary Marks for Legendary Engrams
Available engrams will be randomly selected by each Cryptarch every Tuesday
Legendary Engrams no longer have a chance to produce simple Materials
Rare Armor Engrams have a chance to produce Artifacts instead of Armor


Banshee
Starting on Armsday (Wednesday), Banshee-44 will accept Orders for new Foundry Weapons to characters at Gunsmith Rank 1 or higher. Higher Ranks will allow placement of more orders per week


Speaker
Legendary Armor has been added to the Speaker's inventory


Shaxx
PvP Quests are now provided to players (Required Level: 5)
Shaxx now carries a set of Weekly Crucible Bounties, with Nightfall equivalent rewards for completing all five in a week


Arcite
Arcite now carries a set of Weekly Crucible Weapon Bounties


Roni-9940
The Vanguard Quartermaster will now exchange old Class Armor Materials for new unified Armor Materials


Queen's Wrath
Petra now has new bounties available in the reef upon completing a new quest
These bounties will also drop a Treasure Key the first time one is completed each week
Economy
Vanguard and Crucible Marks deprecate and are converted to Commendations (at a rate of 50:1)
Legendary Loot drop rates have been increased across all activities
Legendary Marks are now earnable by completing Daily Story Chapters, Weekly Heroic Strikes, Daily PVP Activities, Weekly PVP Activities and Dismantling Year Two Legendary items
Strike rewards now drop from bosses instead of in the PGCR
Except for Sepiks Prime, who has been known to cleverly fly above water to deny victorious Guardians their rightfully earned spoils
Strikes reward tables now include items for all Armor and Weapon slots
Edit - Known Issues
Strike Legacy playlists are currently not providing rewards
This is known issue and will be hotfixed as soon as possible


Destiny Hot Fix - 09/14/2015
2.0.0.2 - The One about the Collector's Edition

Before we launch Destiny: The Taken King, there's time for a fix impacting the delivery of items associated with the Collector's Edition.


General
Fixed issues with Taken King Collector's Edition items:
Armor awards can now be found in the correct portion of the Postmaster's interface
Packages now produce the correct item even if opened by a different class
Players who might have been affected by this issue will be provided the correct armor piece


Destiny Update - 09/08/2015
2.0.0 - The one to prepare for Oryx.

This update begins Destiny Year Two. It contains sweeping changes that will impact the way we all play. Prepare for the arrival of The Taken King.

Player Character
Character Level Cap raised to 34 for all players
Your Character Level will be grandfathered into your highest possible Light Level from all gear in your inventory and vault
Character Level Cap will be increased to 40 on 9/15 (requires The Taken King)
Character Level and Light are now separate stats
Light is now calculated by the average of the Attack and Defense scores of all your gear
Weapons, Ghosts, Class Items, and Artifacts now all contribute to Light
Grimoire Score has been moved from the Character Nameplate and now displays in the Character Screen
Attack Power values on weapons and gear have been renormalized in preparation for the Taken King
Year 1 Attack and Defense values caps have been renormalized for Year 2 (previously 365 Attack is now 170 Attack)
All Defense values are now on the same scale as Attack
Weapon damage numbers and combatants have been scaled against renormalized Attack and Defense values
Outgoing and Incoming damage has been changed to reflect new Light system
Ability Damage is directly computed from your Light Score
Player Health is directly computed from your Light Score
Weapon Damage is heavily weighted by both your Light score and the Attack value of the weapon
Classes
General
Intellect, Strength, and Discipline now only change their effect in fixed tiers
Intellect, Strength, and Discipline stats now display their tier and the exact duration of the effect on the tooltip in the Character Screen
Orb generation is now capped to a maximum of 8 orbs at once when wearing exotic armor items that increase orb spawning rates
Increased Recovery stat time at low end by 1 second and Reduced high end reduced timer by 2 seconds. These were re-normalized Recovery stat effects to make a more compelling character stats choice
Pulse Grenades secondary effect distance are now globally 8 meters (Thermal and Void: 7 -> 8 meters, Arc: 9 -> 8 meters). Detonation distance still unchanged at 7 meters
Pulse Grenade fuse times have been reduced
Thermal Pulse (Incendiary Grenade) base detonation and damage have been increased to unify stats with other Pulse Grenades
Fixed an issue where perks that grant additional super energy for grenade kills did not work correctly in the Crucible
Titan
Defender
Line attacks (Fist of Havoc Shockwave and Arc Blade Razor's Edge) can now no longer penetrate Ward of Dawn
Hunter
Gunslinger
Golden Gun Damage increased (350 -> 360) to ensure it consistently killed opponents in the Crucible
Bladedancer
Arc Blade can now generate up to 6 Orbs when geared with exotic armor that increase orb spawning rates
Blink movement ability activation delay increased by 0.07 seconds (0.26 seconds to 0.33 seconds)
Blink movement ability visuals now changed to better telegraphing direction: clearer activation FX and trail FX
Blink Strike now does Arc Damage
Arc Bolt grenades (Thermal and Arc) damage reduced by 25% to 75 damage
Arc Bolt Range reduced by 11% to 8 meters
Flux Grenade tracking shape volume has been changed to reduce tracking aggressiveness
Warlock
General
Armor Bonus perk "Strength of the Ram" (found on exotic helmet, The Ram) has been reduced (5->3)
Sunsinger
Fixed an issue where Sunsingers who self-resurrected from Fireborn were given a free orb upon respawn
Fireborn Sunsingers must now successfully kill to spawn orbs
Weapons
Read our detailed review of weapon change philosophies.

Auto Rifles
Base Damage increased across all archetypes
Damage Falloff now starts closer to the player to emphasize its role as a close range weapon
Base Stability reduced slightly. Landing consistent precision shots require more weapon control
Damage done against AI combatants increased by 30%
Pulse Rifles
All Stable (low recoil) Pulse Rifles (i.e., Hopscotch Pilgrim) now use "Medium" Rate-of-Fire base stats
"Medium" Pulse Rifle's Rate-of-Fire has slightly increased, but with base Damage reduced slightly (2.5%)
PVP: Bursts-to-kill (all precision hits) is 2 or 3, depending on victim's Armor stat
Magazine Size increased on all base stats
Base Stability reduced slightly. Landing consistent precision shots require more weapon control
Damage done against AI combatants increased by 25%
Scout Rifles
Base Damage increased slightly for "Medium" to "High" Rate-of-Fire Scout Rifles. Small adjustment, does not change shots-per-kill in PVP against another Guardian with full health
Magazine Size increased on all base stats
Accuracy when firing from hip is reduced
Damage done against AI combatants increased by 5%
Hand Cannons
Damage Falloff distance has been reduced to be closer to the player to limit long range lethality
Accuracy while in Aim-Down-Sights reduced slightly, making long range snap-shooting less reliable
Accuracy when firing from hip is reduced
Magazine Size reduced on all base stat settings
Base Optics (zoom) reduced so Aiming Down Sights grants more width (in favor for depth)
Shotguns
Shotgun precision damage scalar grants 10% bonus damage (Was 25%)
Shot Package perk reduces the cone spread by 20% (was 50%)
Rangefinder perk adds a 10% base Range increase on zoom (was 20)
Damage done against AI combatants reduced by 45% ( 2.25-> 1.15)
Sniper Rifles
Final Round perk now buffs precision damage, not base damage. This change only affects this perk when combined with Sniper Rifles
Fusion Rifles
Fusion Rifles now no longer get more accurate with each projectile fired
Fusion Rifles that are slow charging, high impact now have a slightly lower base Range value, making it harder to max out
range for these weapons
Accuracy increased for low range Fusion Rifles; Accuracy reduced for high range Fusion Rifles
Max Fusion Rifle projectile speed decreased slightly
Damage done against AI combatants increased by 15%
Sidearms
Base Reload Speed increased
Ammo Stats for Sidearms have been reduced to match other Secondaries, but still retain starting bonus ammo
Rocket Launchers
Blast Radius distance slightly increased
Grenades and Horseshoes perk proximity detonation distance reduced to 1.3 meter (was 2 meters)
Machine Guns
Fixed an issue with all Dead Orbit Machine Guns where attached plasteel plate failed to animate properly on reloads
Damage done against AI combatants increased by 5%
Weapon Perks
General
Reduced Damage bonuses and penalties granted from weapon barrel upgrades
Overpenetration perk now only works on bipeds (no longer works on environment materials)
Mulligan perk chance increased to 20%
Year One Perks
We have revisted all of these Year One stat perks and reduced the amount they buff your weapon stat to re-normalize against Year Two weapon lethality and reinforce specialization so players are making meaningful trade-offs on weapons.

To compensate for the weaker stat perks from launch weapons, we added some new stat perks (introduced in House of Wolves) that provided a significant increase to a stat in exchange for a reduction in other stats. This allows players to be able to spike a stat that reinforces their specialized play style, but at a cost.
Accelerated Coils: Reduced charge time by 50%
Accurized Ballistics: Reduced range and damage bonus by 50%
Aggressive Ballistics: Reduced damage bonus by 50%. Increased stability and range penalties by 100%
Aggressive Launch: Reduced damage bonus by 50%. Increased stability and projectile speed penalty by 100%
Confined Launch: Increased projectile speed penalty by 25%. Reduced stability bonus by 33%
CQB Ballistics: Reduced range bonus by 25%. Reduced stability bonus by 33%
Enhanced Battery: Reduced magazine bonus by 60%
Extended Mag: Reduced magazine bonus by 33%
Field Choke: Reduced damage bonus by 50%. Reduced range bonus by 60%. Reduced stability penalty by 20%
Field Scout: No longer affects magazine. Reduced inventory bonus by 37%
Fitted Stock: Reduced stability bonus by 60%
Flared Magwell: Reduced reload bonus by 80%
Hammer Forged: Reduced range bonus by 50%
Hand Loaded: Reduced range bonus by 50%
Hard Launch: Reduced projectile speed bonus by 50%
Heavy Payload: Reduced blast radius bonus by 50%
Javelin: Reduced projectile speed bonus by 50%
Linear Compensator: Reduced damage bonus by 50%
Luck in the Chamber: Reduced damage bonus by 3%
Perfect Balance: Reduced stability bonus by 40%
Send It: Reduced by range bonus 40%. Inventory and equip penalties added
Smart Drift Control: Reduced stability bonus by 40%. Reduced range penalty by 33%
Smart Drift Control (Rocket Launcher):
Reduced stability bonus by 40%. Reduced projectile speed penalty by 33%
Smallbore: Reduced stability and range bonuses by 25%
Smooth Ballistics: Stability bonus made into penalty. Range penalty is now a bonus.
Soft Ballistics : Reduced damage penalty by 50%
Soft Launch: Stability bonus made into penalty. Projectile speed penalty is now a bonus.
Speed Reload: Reduced reload bonus by 80%
Warhead Verniers: Reduced blast radius bonus by 37%. Reduced projectile speed bonus by 60%. Reduced stability penalty by 20%
Exotic/Legendary Weapons
Hard Light
Base Stability increased to 80
Hard Light projectiles now have increased bounce count
Hard Light projectiles are now not affected by Damage Falloff
Hard Light projectile FX updated so it is easier to track the projectile ricochets
Suros Regime
Stability reduced
Added a Range boost to the Focus Fire node on the Talent Grid
Necrochasm
Base Stability increased to 60
Magazine Size increased
Cursebringer perk will now always trigger on a precision kill
Cursebringer perk explosion radius increased and deals more damage
Rangefinder perk has been replaced by Zen Moment
The Last Word
Range reduced by 10
Base Stability reduced by 10
Accuracy while in hip fire is increased
Precision Damage aim assist while in hip fire is increased
Fixed an issue where damage bonuses while in hip fire was not applying correctly
Thorn
Base Damage of Thorn DoT reduced by 1/3 for both PVE and PVP
Thorn DOT now stacks up to 5x over multiple shots
This is a net buff, but it is now spread over multiple shots to eliminates the PVP "2-shot walk away."
Thorn DoT damage now correctly reports as poison
Hawkmoon
Luck in the Chamber and Holding Aces perks now have a stacking limit of 2. Only 2 of the bonus damage perks will ever stack, which should eliminate the Hawkmoon 1-hit PVP kill to an undamaged opponent
Holding Aces perk now increases magazine by 2 rounds
Icebreaker
Ammo Recharge time increased to 7 seconds between rounds (was 5 seconds)
Gjallarhorn
Reduce damage of Wolfpack Rounds by roughly 1/3
Black Hammer
White Nail perk now fills the magazine from your ammo reserves
No Land Beyond
Fixed an issue where there were overlap/parallax issues in Sights during aim-down-sights view
Base Handling increased
The Master perk has an increased base precision damage bonus scalar (2.6x -> 3x)
Lord of Wolves
Rally perk now grants +5 Recovery to allies in close proximity
Thunderlord
Arc detonation chance for Lightning Rounds kill increased to 50%
Magazine size increased to offset ammo stat changes
Vex Mythoclast
Projectile Speed increased to compensate for global Fusion Rifle changes
Stability increased to compensate for global Fusion Rifle changes
Universal Remote
Base Range increased by +20
Monte Carlo
Stability increased to compensate for global Auto Rifle Changes
Fixed an issue where the Method perk did not only trigger when killing players or combatants. Can no longer trigger when "killing" destroyable objects
Bad Juju
Stability increased to compensate for global Pulse Rifle changes
Red Death
Stability increased to compensate for global Pulse Rifle changes
Fixed an issue where Rate of Fire and Impact stats were displayed incorrectly. Stat values were not changed, UI display only
Plan C
Range increased to compensate for global Fusion Rifle changes
Stability increased to compensate for global Fusion Rifle changes
Exotic Armor
General
Many pieces of Exotic Armor now recolor when a Shader is applied
Titan
An Insurmountable Skullfort
Gain a second melee charge for Storm Fist and Sun Strike. (It doesn't apply to Void melee yetthis is a bug I believe we have fixed in 2.0.1.)
Hunter
Spine of Young Ahamkara
Bonus to Tripmine grenade duration increased
Gain a second grenade charge for Tripmine grenade
Warlocks
Heart of Praxic Fire
Gain bonus Agility when Radiance is active
Activities
World
Year 1 Activities have been converted into Quest system
Year One Questlines do not require ownership of The Taken King
You can replay the story for more experience and reputation by looking at the Quest Collections in the Tower
The Ghost is now voiced by Nolan North
Fallen Wolf Hunt Patrols will retreat in anticipation of the arrival of Oryx in our solar system
Fixed an issue where "Medic" and "Blast Shield" PVP medals displayed while playing PVE activities
Strikes
Players now are required to participate in the boss fights to be eligible for end-of-activity loot.
Bonus Loot and Reputation can now be earned via Vanguard Streak Bonuses for players who continue to recycle back into the Strike playlist without exiting to Orbit
Burn (Arc, Void, Solar) Skulls now only increases player damage by 2x (down from 3x). Combatant damage to player is unchanged at 3x.
Fixed an issue where the incident for completing a strike (i.e., earning the "Strikes Introduction" grimoire card) was not triggering in Strike playlists
Prison of Elders
Fixed an issue where the "Servitor Bonds Weakened" buff did not clear when Skolas is pushed into phase 2
Fixed an issue where the web mine FX extended beyond effect area
Fixed an issue where the rewards for Skolas's Revenge does not grant "Hildian Seeker" to players who already have Ceres Galliot
Glimmer Consumable drop rates reduced drastically from the Arena chest
Removed the Elder Cipher exotic bounty
These exotics now have a chance to drop from the large chest in the Queen's Arena
Players who were on any step of the elder cipher should receive a token to redeem at Variks for their choice of House of Wolves exotic weapon
King's Fall
King's Fall Raid will unlock on 09/18/15, 10AM Pacific
Quests
Quest Screen added to Menu
The Quest Screen allows you to view all active Quests
Quests may be abandoned, but they are recoverable at Abandoned Quest Archives at the Tower
Each Quest has a Details Screen that describes the current and previous quest steps
Up to four Quests can now be viewed in the Director and while in Nav Mode
Year One Activities have been converted into Quest system
New Questlines have been added for each Year One Subclass
Reputation panel has been moved from the Inventory screen to the Quest Screen
Bounties
Bounty slot size increased to 16
Incomplete Year 1 Bounties are auto-abandoned on 09/08 in preparation for The Taken King launch
Incomplete Year 1 Exotic Bounties are auto-completed at their respective Vendors
Bounties are now turned in for completion reward via the Quest Screen
Bounties can now be tracked via the new Progress UI in NavMode
Eris Year 1 bounties will be retired. Reputation with Crota's Bane can continue to be earned via TTK Quests on 09/15
Tower
General
All Vendor reputation from Year One carry over
Collections have been added to the Tower
Shaders & Emblems Collections can be found near Eva Levante in North Tower
Ships & Sparrow Collections can be found near Amanda Holiday in Tower Hanger
Exotic Armor & Weapon Blueprint Collections can be found near the Class Mentors
Vault space has been increased to store up to 72 Weapons, 72 Armors, and 36 General
The Bounty vendor, Xander-99, has a new stock of daily Bounties
Map droids have been removed from North Tower, Plaza, and Hangar
Loot announcements now appear in the Tower, but have a maximum range of 10 meters
Gunsmith
Starting on 09/09, reputation will be earned with Banshee-44 by using his Field Test Weapons
Speaker
New Ghosts are on sale with the Speaker
Year One Emblems have been moved to Eva Levante
Factions
Faction Emblems are no longer purchasable but will come from faction packages instead
Former Vanguard emblems are now unlocked at level 10 and 20 of their respective class quest chains
Crota's Bane
Eris' bounties have been retired as her ire shifts from Crota to Oryx and his Dreadnaught
Eris reputation can now be earned weekly by killing bosses in the Crota's End raid, or through new methods to be discovered in The Taken King's new destination
Eris' reputation requirements for each rank have been adjusted to be faster
Characters will retain any rank they currently have with Eris
Eris' reputation is no longer capped at Rank 4, and players will receive reward packages for Rank increases
Players will be able to earn rewards by continuing to level up the Crota's Bane reputation
Queen's Wrath
With the launch of The Taken King, Petra will have new bounties available in the Reef upon completing a new quest
These bounties will also drop a Treasure Key the first time one is completed each week
Inventory
Class-specific Armor materials have been deprecated in favor of a unified material
On Sept 15th, Vanguard Quartermaster Roni-9940 will exchange old materials for new ones
Fixed a bug where item upgrade UI was triggering when nothing was actually earned
Armor dismantle now makes a sound when dismantling is complete
Year Two Weapon Telemetries have now been combined per weapon slot instead of per weapon type
Crucible
Preview Event
The Taken King maps will be available for all players to preview for free 09/08 until 09/15
Rift game mode will be available for all players to preview for free 09/08 until 09/15
Crucible Daily will not be available on 09/08 and will resume on 09/15
Mayhem Clash game mode will be available for all players to preview for free from 09/11 until 09/15
General
House of Wolves maps (Widow's Court, Black Shield, Thieves' Den) are now available to all Destiny players
Year 1 Platform-exclusive maps (The Timekeeper, Exodus Blue) are now available to all Destiny players
Added a new Mercy rule that will end blowout games early
When the Mercy Rule hits, Shaxx will call out the end of the match. We immediately disable join in progress to prevent any additional players from joining the game (if anyone has dropped already) and reset the game clock to 10 seconds. After those 10 seconds, the match will end normally. All players will receive their end of match rewards and return to matchmaking.
More detail about this system can be found here
Legendary Loot drop rates have been increased
PVP post-game scoreboards now use abbreviated names
Hover over these stat headers to see more detailed information on what each stat tracks
The PGCR now does not display the "Score" column if the mode does not have individual player scores
Shaxx will now comment on multi-kills and kill streaks
"Victory Imminent" voice-over will no longer play when there is less than 30 seconds remaining in Crucible matches
Director
Salvage and Rift are now core Crucible playlists
The Taken King maps are now included in the core Crucible playlists
Medals
Added set of new Crucible medals
Buckshot Bruiser, Machine Lord, Sharpshooter, and Master Blaster medals can now be earned multiple times in a row (if you're awesome enough)
Fixed an issue where "First Place Kill" score bonus (which triggers the "Uprising" medal) was awarded when killing the highest scoring player on the winning team, instead of the highest scoring player in the match
Maps
Widow's Court
Added invisible physics to keep players from hiding in the ivy overlooking the courtyard Heavy Ammo
Game Types
Salvage
Reduced Salvage score limit from 10000 to 7500, as our data showed too many games were ending to the time limit
Modified the base 3v3 options to have a 7-second min respawn timer
Skirmish
Modified the base 3v3 options to have a 7-second min respawn timer
Inferno
Changed special ammo crate timing for Inferno Clash, Inferno Control and Inferno Rumble modes to 2 minutes (small team modes will remain at 3 minutes)
Removed heavy ammo crates from all Inferno playlists
Rumble
Placing in the top 3 in Rumble playlists now counts as a win for Quest Step purposes
Control
Bastion, First Light, and Skyshock have been added to the core Control playlist with Pikes and Interceptors disabled
"Zone Captured" and "Zone Neutralized" scoring messages in Control will now display the zone being captured, i.e. "Zone A Captured," "Zone C Neutralized"
Trials of Osiris
Trials Passage Coins are now discarded by the stack rather than by the item
UI
Super icons in kill messages are now displayed in yellow
Added icons to kill messages for precision kills
Super kill messages now display the name of the Super used
Voice channel settings in Nav Mode have been moved into the Nav Mode toggle display, which also includes quests & bounties, active modifiers, and PvP Scoreboard
Technical
General
Cinematics can now be skipped
Show/Hide Helmet options now also applies to the Character Screen
Unused update compat packs will be removed automatically on PS3 and 360 (to save HDD space)
Fixed a crash on PS3 when cycling through too many activities
Properly report free space required on PS3 when out of disk space
Enabled support for game content to be loaded from USB devices on Xbox 360
Improved Xbox One messaging and flow handling for users performing certain party options; the Pineapple error should only occur for actual malfunctions now
Fixed an Xbox One issue with suspend/resume on certain loading screens
If there is a valid playlist, use that for rich presence instead of the activity
Networking
Reduced latency of kill notifications in Crucible
Improved damage validation systems to reduce the effectiveness of players with extreme lag
Improved accuracy of network quality meters slightly
There are more changes scheduled to take effect with the official launch of Destiny: The Taken King. Final patch notes will be published at 2AM Pacific on September 15th, 2015.



Destiny Hot Fix - 08/11/2015
1.2.0.5 - The one about Husk of the Pit and Nepal rewards.


Weapons
Fixed an issue where "Packing Heat" achievement/trophy could not be unlocked by newly acquired Exotic weapons
Fixed an issue where Husk of the Pit drops were disabled
Drop rates for the Husk of the Pit from Blades of Crota have been increased by 150%
PvP
Updated the House of Wolves Control playlist to include the following maps with a lower weight in the rotation:
Rusted Lands
Shores of Time
Pantheon
Exodus Blue (Sony)
Updated the House of Wolves Clash playlist to include the following maps with a lower weight in the rotation:
Firebase Delphi
Twilight Gap
Blind Watch
Exodus Blue (Sony)
Inferno and Doubles playlists now have different tuning values for ammo crates 
Special Ammo initial spawn time and respawn intervals have been changed to 180 seconds
Max of three Special Ammo crates will now be placed at one time
Heavy Ammo crates now spawn only once per match at 300 seconds
Tower
Tess Everis is temporarily leaving the Tower
A Kiosk terminal can be found near Eva Levante in North Tower that contains Tess' old inventory of special order items
The Nepal Aid shader and emblem have been added to the game
Redemption codes will soon be sent to the email used to place orders in the Bungie Store
These items will be found at the kiosk mentioned above
Technical
Fixed a potential crash when closing the vendor screen
Fixed a very rare case where an account could blocked by a WEASEL error on sign on
Fixed issues with suspend/resume handling on Xbox One


Destiny Hot Fix - 06/24/2015
1.2.0.4 - The one about Passage Coins and Demo weapons

This update to Destiny makes two small adjustments to the way Passage Coins are distributed in Trials of Osiris and how weapons behave as players migrate from the Destiny Demo to the full version of the game. Pardon our dust!

Weapons
Adjusted the 402 Attack Rating for weapons acquired in the Destiny Demo down to the proper value of 365
Trials of Osiris
Removed Passage Coins from the Lighthouse reward chest
Added a chance for Passage Coins to be awarded after match losses


Destiny Hot Fix - 06/15/2015
1.2.0.3 - The one about Skolas

Perks
'Ashes to Assets' and 'Quintessence Transfer' can now no longer be stacked (they now have cool-downs that can only be used every 10 seconds)
Prison of Elders
Fixed a bug where players cannot pick up a quest from Variks to continue the Elder Cipher chain
Adjusted difficulty of Level 35 Skolas Challenge Mode
Burn Skulls are now replaced by non-elemental skulls
Skolas' health reduced (from 27000 to 15000) to compensate for lack of burn skulls
Reinforcement spawns are now based on Skolas' health instead of a timer


Destiny Update - 06/02/2015
1.2.0.2 - The one that addresses some House of Wolves issues

Ever since House of Wolves was released, we've been following player feedback on multiple fronts. These changes to the player experience are being deployed to correct a few issues that you've noticed - as well as a few we noticed.

Key Highlights
The first Wanted Fallen Bounty completed each week is now guaranteed to drop a Treasure Key
Greatly increased the drop rate of Treasure Keys from the small chests at the end of the Prison of Elders
Increased the drop rate of Treasure Keys from Ether Chests
Prison of Elders
Greatly increased the drop rate of Treasure Keys from the small chests
Class Items will now drop from Level 32, Level 34, and Level 35 
Fixed a bug in which the Ship (Hildian Seeker) did not drop under certain circumstances
Fixed a bug in which the 'Elder Cipher' Bounty could not be acquired if your Bounty inventory was full
You will need to defeat Skolas again to receive the 'Elder Cipher' Bounty
Damage caused by Qodron's Gaze is reduced by 25%
Damage multiplier for the Jailbreaker buff increased by 100%
Trials of Osiris
Fixed an issue in which Trials of Osiris emblems were not sent to the Postmaster if your Emblem inventory was full
Passage Coins can now be dismantled
Weekly Heroics
Fixed an issue where the Weekly Heroic strikes did not award engrams (Note: Tooltip will not display them as rewards)
World
Increased the drop rate of Treasure Keys from Ether Chests
Ether Chests may only be looted once per spawn
Ether Chests will no longer grant ammo consumables when opened
Ether Chests will now grant a small amount of Queen's Wrath reputation when opened
Ether Chests now have a chance to drop Tokens of Flight, Identity, and Judgment
Quests
Petra will no longer display a quest waypoint for players who have not purchased House of Wolves
Fixed a bug in which players abandoning the 'Gone to Ground' quest were still being directed to the Venus Patrol
Bounties
The first Wanted Fallen Bounty completed each week is now guaranteed to drop a Treasure Key
Weapons
Fixed a bug in which the 1.2.0.1 hotfix mistakenly did not contain the 1.1.1 Fusion Rifle balance changes.  As a result, players were playing with its pre-1.1.1 weapon balance state.  The original fix has been re-applied.
Items
Tokens of Flight, Identity, and Judgment can now be dismantled to gain +10 House of Judgement reputation each 
Ammo consumables can now stack to 100


Destiny Update - 05/15/2015
1.2.0 : The one to pre-load House of Wolves

Destiny Expansion II will change the way we all play and upgrade our characters. Before the release of the House of Wolves, we're deploying new code that will impact the player experience.

Weapons
Fixed an issue in which Vex Mythoclast was not respawning with primary ammunition
Fixed an issue with the Hive Disruptor perk, which now appears in the Black Hammer perk set again
Fixed an issue in which the Phantom Gift and White Nail perks would become interrupted when non-precision damage occurred from other perks
Bonus damage from other perks (e.g., Explosive Rounds, Hive Disruptor) no longer interrupts the count
Three precision hits within the time window will trigger the intended refund bonus
Fixed an issue in which the Hive Disruptor perk did not work correctly with sustained damage events (auto rifles, pulse, etc.)
Oracle Disruptor perk now triggers more often
Hive Disruptor perk now triggers more often, but does less damage per event
PVP
Salvage: Moved the first Relic to more consistently appear in a centralized position on the map
Fixed an issue that caused players to wait an excessively long time to respawn
User Interface
Vendor Interaction Panel has been updated to support Quest chains
Vendor Interaction Panel now has better animations and fewer popping issues
Number of buffs that can be displayed on the Character screen has been increased
Inventory item stacks that have reached their highest possible count will now display gold numbers along with an alert in the tooltip that maximum quantities have been acquired 
Audio
Added improved feedback for players who take damage from energy weapons
Companion
Fixed an issue in which the Mercury Grimoire card was not being awarded
Retroactively awarded the Mercury Grimoire card to players who have found the "Mercury Memory Fragment" Dead Ghost
Vendor items, damage types, and perks will now be visible on Bungie.net and the Mobile App
Technical
Addressed a crash on Xbox One that was induced when too many explosions/projectiles were generated
Fixed an issue that affected the network quality user interface
Indicators will no longer display persistently bad ("red") quality after a user's connection recovers from a temporary quality issue
The quality indicators should now always correctly reflect a user's live connection quality
*Addendum
We have discovered that Rare and Legendary Engrams will drop in 1.2.0 that the Cryptarchs will not recognize
Hold on to all newly-acquired Engrams until May 19th to benefit from their upgraded decryption skillset
The following is a preview of changes that will take effect on May 19th, 2015 on or soon after 10AM PST with the manual activation of House of Wolves.



Destiny Hot Fix - 05/19/2015
1.2.0.1 : The one with House of Wolves

Along with the release of Destiny Expansion II, we are delivering some new investment and upgrade paths. The following are changes that will have an impact on every player of Destiny.

PVP
General

Added a new Daily Reward package upon completion of the first game in the Daily Featured Crucible playlist
Added Passage Coins to reward streams across all playlists, including the Daily reward package
Increased Crucible Mark drop rate across all playlists by 100%
Increased Crucible Reputation earnings across all playlists by 20%
Increased Rare Weapons and Gear drop chance for completing games across all playlists by 100%
Added Legendary Weapon drops into the Crucible reward stream across all playlists
Added Dark Below maps into all Crucible playlists for all players to enjoy (Pantheon, The Cauldron, Skyshock)
Iron Banner

Adjusted the power curve for Iron Banner playlists to accommodate the competitive range of power in House of Wolves
Across one Iron Banner event, players competing in Iron Banner with more than one character on the same account will receive a reputation boost for the lower-ranked characters to reach parity with the higher-ranked character more quickly
Six additional Iron Banner bounties have been added to the bounty rotation
Removed an errant buff from Iron Banner Control playlist
Etheric Light will now be available at Ranks 3 and 5 in Iron Banner
Tower
Newly acquired Faction reward packages will no longer produce Shards
The Speaker will exchange Ascendant and Radiant Materials for Glimmer and Motes of Light
Xr will exchange Strange Coins for Motes of Light
Commendations are no longer required to purchase gear
Commendations can be converted to receive +250 gains in Vanguard, Crucible, or Faction reputation
Note: Etheric Light will not be made available for ascending gear until the release of House of Wolves
The Cryptarch will no longer convert newly acquired Legendary Engrams to Shards (possibilities include gear/weapons or Exotics)
Expansion II featured Daily Heroic activities will produce Motes of Light in lieu of Shards
Ascending: Year 1 Legendary and Exotic gear can be upgraded to the highest power levels available in Year 1
User Interface
The Control UI above the mini scoreboard has been fixed & returned to the players HUD
Technical
Added a new "Connection Recovery" System
Specific player networking problems will now be fixed instead of kicking affected players to orbit
This will be enabled first for Trials of Osiris and rolled out to other activities over time

Destiny Update - 04/14/2015
Update 1.1.2 : The one with Vault space and Raid fixes.

With this update, we're responding to player feedback and addressing larger issues that compromised the quality of the Destiny experience.

Spotlight Improvements & Additions
Vault Capacity increased to 24 Armor Slots, 36 Weapon Slots, and 24 General Slots
Disabled gear comparison in Vault on Xbox 360 & PS3 platforms to account for additional slot memory
Colorblind support (deuteranopia, protanopia, tritanopia) added for highly color-driven gameplay elements
Motion tracker
Loot drops
Shield energy
Item categories
Audio Controls are now available in the Settings menu
Volume control
Music toggling
Item Lock now allows players to prevent gear and weapon items from being accidentally dismantled
The purple ball has been reborn in the tower as an interactive sphere with a parallaxed energy core that grows with object velocity and tints based off time of day
Weapons
General

Fixed a bug that caused a player to lose ammo when switching weapons while dead
Fixed a bug where ammo consumables did not reliably replenish ammo
Pocket Infinity behavior is less likely to fail during edge case conditions
4th Horseman weapon stats restored to original intended values
Perks

Updated Thorn's first-person player feedback poison effect
White Nail perk no longer triggers on immune targets
Defensive Reflex (Don't Touch Me) perk no longer triggers on throwing knives
Performance Bonus ammo on Fusion Rifles reduced to match Shotguns and Sniper Rifles 
Fixed an issue introduced in 1.1.1 that allowed Ice Breaker to persist ammo after respawn
World
Players can now choose to wear their helmets in social spaces
Quest loot pyramid baubles are now easier to spot
Added Quest indicator badges to the Tower when a Quest is either completed and ready to turn in 
Increased Crota's Bane Reputation rewards on Eris Morn's bounties
Fixed a bug where Major Thralls had two jaws and two left hands
Fixed a bug where player's equipped items did not receive experience from completing missions
Fixed a bug where the Black Garden Level 30 Featured Story was incorrectly listed at Level 28
Fixed a bug where Heavy Ammo consumables were not available for purchase from Xr
Strikes
Cereberus Vae III

Valus Ta'Aruc's strength has been reduced by 33%
Reduced the number of Major combatants in the Valus Ta'Aurc fight
Dust Palace

Dust Palace: Reduced the number of Major combatants in the Psion Flayer fight
Dust Palace: Lowered the strength on the Psion Flayers' shields
Raids
Vault of Glass

Vault of Glass will no longer display a highlighted activity notification despite players best efforts to remove it
Fixed a bug where splash damage could penetrate the Aegis bubble
Shield Relic melee attacks now land Minotaurs more consistently
Improved issues associated with walking through the teleport
Crota's End

Crota will now wait until fully standing before a sword attack
Fixed a bug where the sword immediately despawned after killing a swordbearer
Swords will now last a full 30 seconds after being picked up
PvP
General

Greatly reduced the weighting of Blind Watch and Firebase Delphi in Control, Iron Banner, and Inferno Control playlists
Fixed a bug where a player that was killed by an enemy could commit suicide and be revived for points
Fixed a bug that prevented players from receiving points for neutralizing a control zone
Fixed a bug where capture points were not properly disabled after the game ends
Added incremental revive timers to Skirmish and Salvage
Each time a teammate revives you, it takes longer before you can be revived again (currently +5s each revive)
Stopping Power now requires Shotgun kills instead of sprees
Target Practice now requires Hand-Cannon kills instead of sprees
Electrocutioner now requires Fusion Rifle kills instead of sprees
Maps

Anomaly: Added invisible physics over the pool table to keep people from hiding 
Shores of Time: Added kill volume to the open edge of "A" cave in to keep players from hiding 
The Burning Shrine: Moved the spawn point to fix camera view
Ammunition

Crates are now visible for all players long before they are available to pick up, with a countdown timer added to show when they will arrive
Guardians no longer drop Special ammo on death
Lowered the amount of Special ammo picked up from crates (from 50% to 25%)
Special Ammo crate respawn time raised (from 45 seconds to 120 seconds)
Increased drop radius when a friendly picks up a Special crate (from 20 meters to 100 meters)
Slightly increased interaction time on Special Ammo crate (from 0.1 seconds to 0.8 seconds)
Reduced the number of Special crates on the maps and relocated them (from 6-8 crates to 3-5 crates)
Special and Heavy ammo bricks now despawn when a player dies or on a timer (20 seconds for Special, 30 seconds for Heavy)
Heavy ammo now lets everyone know which player or Faction picked up ammo
Increased warning time on Heavy ammo (from 10 seconds to 15 seconds)
UI
New visual treatment to Quest nodes and nodes that involve Quest activities or steps
Players can now click the left stick to hide the UI when inspecting items, for screenshotting/sharing purposes
Fixed a bug where precision kills did not appear correctly in the PGCR
UI flyouts are now easier to navigate (i.e. "Amazon Flyout Menu")
Audio
Fixed an issue where Stealth Vandal audio was being suppressed by gunfire or other loud sounds
Titan Ward of Dawn now has audio indicators at low energy so players can more easily read when it will time out
Players walking into enemy Wards of Dawn now hear a sound when blindness is applied
Companion
Fixed issue where Combined Arms Grimoire card was pointing to the wrong unlock conditions
Fixed issue where Grimoire cards were awarding the incorrect number of Grimoire points
Technical
Fixed a rare soft-lock when a player's internet connection drops
Clarified error that displays when user has insufficient hard drive space
Better handling of rest mode/resume on PS4


Destiny Hot Fix - 03/10/2015
1.1.1.1 : The one with back end improvements

This small update provides for the installation of new developer tools on the back end of Destiny.

General

General Installed admin tools that enable us to better inspect and manage databases


Destiny Update - 02/25/2015
1.1.1 : The one about Weapon Rebalance

Destiny Update 1.1.1 brings you a round of weapon balancing, perk fixes (including the heavy ammo fix), and other issues.


Weapons
For a detailed review of weapon changes, head over to Destiny Weapon Tuning.

General
Fixed an issue in which armor with perks that increase ammunition carrying capacity resulted in ammunition loss upon respawn
Decreased over-penetration value for weapons with armor piercing perks
Fixed an issue where items from the PS3/360 Destiny demo were using old power values. They have been adjusted to regular levels
Song of Ir Yut weapon tooltip now advertises the correct magazine size
Shoot to Loot: Two-second cooldown added to perk to prevent extra ammunition gains while ammunition bricks despawn
Dark Breaker perk will now correctly damage Hive Shriekers
Snap Discharge will now increase attack speed as per the description
Thunderer perk now has priority on the 4th Horseman tooltip
Full Auto: Fixed issues in which the weapon perk stopped working while the trigger was being held down


Auto Rifles
Reduced base damage of Auto Rifles by 2.5%
Reduced effective range values


Pulse Rifles
Increased base damage of Pulse Rifles by 9.7%


Hand Cannons
Slightly reduced effective range
Slightly reduced initial accuracy


Fusion Rifles
Widened blast pattern on a Fusion Rifle burst cone
Reduced starting ammunition in PVP


Shotguns
Increased damage against all non-Guardian combatants by 2x (100% increase)
Reduced high-end range values
Damage falloff starts sooner
Reduced starting ammunition in PVP
Activities
Strikes
Weekly Heroic Strike now is a matchmade activity
Strikes will be less likely to repeat in Matchmaking rotations for full Fireteams

PVP
General
Players will now unlock all playlists (Control, Clash, Rumble, Skirmish) simultaneously when unlocking the Crucible.
Added a new notification when Crucible modes unlock
Crucible maps will be less likely to repeat in Matchmaking rotations for full Fireteams
Guardians no longer drop heavy ammunition when killed in PvP
Guardians now drop much less special ammunition when killed in PvP
Completed matches will now award gear with the proper power level
Fixed a bug where there was no audio playing for the bullet that kills them
Event: Iron Banner
Iron Banner playlist now contains smaller maps in rotation
"Focused Aggression" Bounty can now be completed with headshots from Pulse Rifles, Scout Rifles, and Hand Cannons
Items
Fixed an issue in which Xur did not carry exotic engrams in inventory on certain dates
Crota's End completion emblem will now be sent to the Postmaster when player inventory is full
Ammunition consumables will now work if used when player inventory is full
Fixed issues that prevented qualifying players who had deleted their characters from claiming the Tumbler Sparrow from Tess Everis in Tower
User Interface
Character inventory screen now displays faction reputation and weekly mark counters
Players in public spaces will no longer see voice notifications when a player in a matchmade fireteam enter
Players will now see improved notifications when teammates join and depart Team and Fireteam chat channels
Grimoire
Combined Arms Grimoire cards will now unlock when completing a Clash or Control game
House of Wolves card will now unlock upon the start of Ishtar Collective story mission
Guardian Abilities card will be granted when a player enters orbit
Siege Dancers card will be granted upon the start of the Dust Palace Strike
Completing Crota's End now adds to the Raid Introduction Grimoire card's Completed statistic
Ir Yut grimoire card will now unlock appropriately
Siege of the Warmind card will now unlock appropriately
Fixed Grimoire scores for the following cards:
Omnigul, Will of Crota
Ir Yut, the Deathsinger
Crota, Son of Oryx
The Wakening
The Will of Crota
Crotas End
Ascendant Sword
Pantheon
Skyshock
The Cauldron
Might of Crota
Ghost Fragment: Rasputin
Ghost Fragment: Rasputin 2
Ghost Fragment: Hive 4
Technical
DLC and Patch systems have been improved
Xbox One upsell from trial version to full version no longer makes you leave the game
Improved networking resilience to packet reordering
Networking improvements for certain routers
Edit
Bug was introduced in 1.1.1 patch that caused the Vex Mythoclast to spawn with less ammo in the magazine and reserves in PvP
This weapon was affected by overall Fusion Rifle changes because it is treated as a secondary weapon
We intend to correct this issue in a future release

Destiny Hot Fix - 01/20/2015
1.1.0.4 : The one with Crota's End Hard Mode.

Before we manually release the Hard Mode version of Crota's End, we're deploying another round of fixes.


Raids 

Crota's End
Prepared Hard Mode for manual activation on Wednesday, January 21st
Updates on exact go-time will be given via Twitter after 10AM Pacific
Bridge Encounter
Players are no longer able to de-spawn enemies after activating bridge plates and holding a specific spot
Crota Encounter
Fixed a rare issue that caused Crota to stop summoning Oversouls


Destiny Hot Fix - 01/12/2015
The Dark Below infused Destiny with new content, along with some new issues that we have sought to correct. With this update, we're paying special attention to the Crota's End Raid - along with weapons, arenas, and rewards for other activities. Iron Banner is also being prepared to return.


Activity Rewards
Fixed an issue with Ascendant Materials no longer being a possible reward for Daily gold-tier public events
In addition to other potential rewards, Weekly Nightfall Strikes can now award 9 or more Strange Coins
PVP
Maps
Added to the rotation for Control, Clash, and Iron Banner* playlists:
The Anomaly
Asylum
The Burning Shrine
Iron Banner*
Starts 1AM PST, Tuesday, January 13th
Playlist weapon drops
Level 32 Sniper Rifle
Level 32 Auto Rifle
Gain event standing to earn Legendary gear
Level 32 Hand Cannon
Level 32 Rocket Launcher
Level 32 Gauntlets
Level 31 Chest
Weapons
On the Sniper Rifle, Black Hammer, the Hive Breaker upgrade has been disabled until it is fixed to play nicely with the White Nail upgrade
Raids

Vault of Glass
Exotic weapon drops (though still very infrequent) are now Level 32
Crota's End
Rewards
Treasure chests now contain Radiant Materials
The existing Pit treasure chest reward has moved to killing Ir Yut, the Deathsinger
Pit Encounter
Pillars of Light no longer launch players into the air when they explode
Bridge Encounter
Players will now be required to cross the bridge in order to complete the bridge encounter
Players will now be required to wait for the bridge to be completed prior to crossing with the sword
Deathsinger Encounter
Fixed a rare case where the Shriekers would not spawn, preventing players from reaching the Deathsinger
The Deathsinger now has a chance to drop Exotic weapons and armor, class pieces, and Radiant materials
Crota Encounter
Two Swordbearers will no longer spawn at the same time at the outset of the encounter
Crota will now recover from his kneeling state after a player quits
Fixed a bug that allowed players to remove the "Presence of Crota" using a Radiance Warlock's Fireborn ability
Fixed a bug that made the Oversoul appear destroyed to some players in a Fireteam when it was actually still active


Destiny Hot Fix - 12/16/2014
1.1.0.2 : The one that followed Expansion I.

This update corrects some issues that were introduced to Destiny with the release of The Dark Below. We are also continuing to support the Destiny sandbox with changes that were identified prior the launch of Expansion I.


General
Fixed a typo in the German word for 'Radiant Energy'

Weapons
General
Fixed an issue in which some weapon projectiles were improperly penetrating Hive shields
Pocket Infinity
Rolled back changes induced by a previous Exotic weapon update
Charge up and deactivation now work as originally designed
Players may again encounter a previously known issue which prevents charge up
Gear
Both existing and future Raid gear obtained in Crota's End now begins at Level 30 with an upgrade path to reach Level 32
Raid helmet obtained in Crota's End now drops on Normal Mode and will be a more frequent drop on Hard Mode
Fixed an issue in which Dead Orbit Hunter cloaks awarded reputation gains for both Dead Orbit and Vanguard/Crucible
Activities
Added a replayable node to the Director for the 'Fist of Crota' mission


Destiny Hot Fix - 12/08/2014
1.1.0.1 : The one to pave the way for The Dark Below.

Destiny Expansion I: The Dark Below will become available for download by players on December 9th at 1AM Pacific time. Before it arrives, this update will support the delivery of new content.

The Dark Below
General bug fixes to content features in The Dark Below
Activities
Increased challenge levels for the following:
Daily Heroic Story
Weekly Heroic Strike
Weekly Nightfall Strike
Players who need to level up to successfully complete featured missions at new difficulty levels will find what they need to upgrade their characters in the Tower. As part of Expansion I, vendors will be equipped with more powerful weapons and gear. These items will be available for acquisition by all players.



Destiny Update - 12/01/2014
1.1 : The one about Exotics. And the Raid!

Today's patch includes the long-awaited arrival of Exotics weapon buffs, additional acquisition paths for destination upgrade materials, along with additional changes to exotic gear node upgrading in preparation for the soon-to-be-released expansion, The Dark Below. We're also correcting issues induced by our more recent update to the Raid.


Weapons
Exotics

Exotic Weapons are designed to look, feel, and sound overpowered. At the same time, they are not supposed to break the balance of the game. We hope these weapons challenge the way players think about their loadouts. Exotics will be a constant work in-progress!
General
In preparation for the Dark Below, Exotic Armor and Weapons no longer require Ascendant Materials to upgrade
The final upgrade node of all Exotic Gear will require an Exotic Shard
Exotic Shards can be obtained by one of the following means:
Dismantling unwanted Exotics
Purchased from Xur for 7 Strange Coins
Exotics now start at a higher base Attack value and have a narrowed upgrade range to compensate
Thorn
Projectiles now briefly highlight targets on impact
Mark of the Devourer DoT (damage-over-time) upgrade increased against PvE enemy targets
Reload Speed increased
Magazine Size increased
Ammo inventory size increased
Stability and Weapon Handling increased
Bad Juju
Magazine Size increased to 8 bursts (was 5)
Ammo inventory size increased
String of Curses now also decreases the cooldown of your Super on kill
Adjusted effects to not block first person reticle
Hard Light
Stability increased
Perfect Balance upgrade replaced by Fitted Stock (increases maximum possible weapon Stability)
Suros Regime
Lowered total damage at the end of the mag on SUROS Regime upgrade to be more in line with the Glass Half Full perk on Legendary Auto Rifles
Monte Carlo
Stability increased
Range slightly decreased
Monte Carlo Method upgrade now also has a chance to fully charge melee ability on kill
MIDA Multi-Tool
MIDA rounds now have increased knockback against targets in both PvE and PvP
Hawkmoon
Send It upgrade (which was redundant) replaced by Speed Reload
Red Death
Rate of Fire increased slightly, but Burst Damage reduced to compensate
Plan C
Weapon Handling speed increased
Player Speed increased while Plan C is in hand
Pocket Infinity
Speed Reload upgrade replaced by Extended Clip which allows the option to increase magazine size (5 bursts)
Vex Mythoclast
Attack Power increased to 323 (from 300)
Base Damage increased, fixing bug we introduced in previous patch
Enhanced Battery upgrade by Extended Mag (this change still allows for a significant upgrade to Magazine Size, but less than before)
Invective
Reload Speed increased significantly, auto fires slightly slower
Ice Breaker
Send It upgrade replaced by Lightweight (which was redundant as Icebreaker already had maximum range)
New effects for enemies killed by Ice Breaker upgrade
Patience and Time
Snapshot upgrade replaced by Custom Optics (provides a lower zoom option)
Super Good Advice
Stability increased
Truth
Magazine Size increased to 3 (was 1)

Activities
Raid
Fixed an issue we introduced in a previous patch, in which Atheon did not correctly send 3 players through the time gates
Fixed an exploit where the Templar could be forced off its platform
Daily Heroic Story
Destination Materials now drop from completing the Daily Heroic
Bounties
Removed the 'Relic Hunter' Bounty
Destination Materials now drop from completing the Daily Patrol Bounty
Vendors
Reduced Cryptarch reputation gain from Engrams, but reputation reward packages now have an increased chance for Legendary Engrams
Players will now be able to use Vanguard Marks and Crucible Marks to purchase Spinmetal, Relic Iron, Spirit Bloom, and Helium Filaments from the Vanguard and Crucible Quartermasters in the Tower
Xur now sells a new material, Exotic Shards, to upgrade the final node of Exotics for 7 Strange Coins
Faction Class Items (ex: FWC Cloak, Dead Orbit Mark, etc.) are now replaced by Faction Emblems in the rank-up reward packages from Faction Vendors


Technical
Networking fixes, which should reduce the instance of the Bee family of KTOs
Fixed an issue in which using Xbox One party chat induced a slower frame rate


Destiny Update - 11/17/2014
1.0.3 : The one about Iron Banner and Voice.

This is the first in a series of updates that will deliver new content in the lead up to The Dark Below. Update 1.0.3 provides new social features, revisions to activities, alterations to competitive spaces, adjustments to the player overall experience, as well as a sizable download of new content and geometry to support the first expansion of the world of Destiny. The Iron Banner special event is also being updated with new rules and features prior to its second run.


Voice

Added a new social feature that enables users to access a channel for Team Chat
Matchmade teammates will now be able to talk to each other in Strikes and team-based Crucible matches
To learn more about how to toggle between chat channels, click here
Classes

Fixed an issue in which two players who performed a melee lunge simultaneously would teleport through each other
Fixed an issue in which Blink Strike damage would be caused by colliding with the Blink Strike, rather than melee impact
Fixed an issue in which Warlock Bonds dismantled into Titan materials
Weapons

General
Reduced camera shake when being hit with explosive rounds
Perks
Clown Cartridge: Replaced Clown Cartridge perk with other perks in shotgun upgrade trees
Headseeker: Fixed an issue in which the bonus Precision Damage perk did not always get applied
Activities

Missions
Buried City: Fixed an exploit in Mars that would clear all enemies from Clovis Bray
Strikes
Winter's Run: Fixed an exploit zone in the Aksor boss encounter
Difficulty will scale less for 3-player Fireteams, making Strikes less deadly for them
Heroics
Fixed an issue in which engrams earned during Daily and Weekly Heroic activities were not displayed in the post-game carnage report
Event: Iron Banner

Players must now be level 20 and above to lead an Iron Banner Fireteam
Players below Level 20 can only accompany players above Level 20
Lord Saladin now has 5 reputation ranks (increased from 3)
New Features Added: Tempered Buff, Reforging
For more detailed information, click here
Cinematics
Fixed several issues with the synchronization of cinematic subtitles in various languages
Destinations

Combatants
Fixed an issue in which Vex Cyclops and Hive Shrieker health bars would not update properly
Reduced the number of Stealth Sword Vandals that spawn in the basement of the Terrestrial Complex on lower difficulties
Events
Public Events will occur 10-15% more frequently in all public spaces
Vendors

Increased the number of Bounty slots in the Inventory from 5 to 10
Added shaders to Eva Levante's stock in the Tower
Shader preview functionality added to vendor and inventory screens
Emblems on vendors can now be previewed in the inventory screen
Marks and Reputation icons and meters were adjusted to better differentiate the two
Fixed an issue in which Strange Coins and Motes of Light would not route to the Postmaster if your inventory was full
Fixed an issue in which engrams were not displaying the possible contents in the Cryptarch vendor menu
Fixed an issue in which players did not receive Bounty or Mission credit when assisting in the killing of a Walker or Vex Cyclops
Armor Stat upgrade potentials added to item compare on vendor and inventory screens
PVP

General
Enabled revive scoring for Skirmish and Salvage
Fixed an exploit with revive scoring when entering a kill volume and having a teammate revive you for easy points
Adjusted Join in-Progress settings for all playlists to minimize long periods of unbalanced teams due to players quitting out of matches.
Added new functionality to match pre-formed fireteams against each other
This will slowly roll out to all playlists over time, but will start with the 3v3 playlists
In 3v3 games, Fireteams of 2 or more players will match together more frequently
In 6v6 games, Fireteams of 4 or more players will match together more frequently
Medals
Won't Be Beat now triggers correctly when a team wins a game after coming back from a 500-point losing deficit
Mark of the Unbroken no longer requires a minimum player count
Sum of All Tears no longer requires a minimum player count
Sum of All Tears should now trigger consistently
Maps
First Light
Implemented multiple fixes to stop players from getting into advantageous positions
Blind Watch
Addressed some balancing issues for the Control gametype by moving Zones, modifying routes, and adding cover objects
Adjusted landing and respawn points to accommodate new geometry changes
Added protection to prevent players from getting on top of a pipe high above the intended playable space
Firebase Delphi
Added protections to prevent players from getting outside the intended playable area between Control Zone A and the crane room
Rusted Lands
Blocked off the monitors above Control Zone A to prevent players from hiding in them
Shores of Time
Added a Vex pillar to prevent players from sniping through the small gap on the ninja platform
Implemented multiple fixes to stop players from getting into unfairly-advantageous positions
Exodus Blue
Multiple fixes implemented to stop players from getting into advantageous positions, especially the giant hose reel near Control Zone A
Fixed an issue with visibility culling behind Control Zone A
Twilight Gap
Adjusted landing points to keep players from fighting too soon in Rumble matches
Added protections to prevent players from getting into unintended areas, for example, atop the security camera at Control Zone C
Added geometry to fill in small gaps that let players see out of the world
HUD

Improved the readability of Grenade and Melee recharge states
Improved the visibility of objectives in the Motion Tracker
Improved the visual look of Revive waypoint and Last Man Standing
Added skull modifier descriptions to the Navigation Mode screen
Fixed an issue in which the names of downed teammates did not always display on-screen
Orbit

Destiny version number added to the Character Login screen
Added dialog imagery for various events
Fixed an issue in which new items available from the Special Orders vendor would not show up in the message count in the Director
Fixed an issue in which a PlayStation Plus dialog was mistakenly shown when selecting a specific PVP activity
Added countdown timers for weekly/special events
Fixed various issues with Director animations
Fixed an issue in which the Player/Inventory screen would sometimes close during certain parts of the spaceflight sequence
Added the post-game carnage report for the previous games during Matchmaking search
Menus

General
Fixed an issue in which cursor speed in 4:3 and PAL was not consistent
Roster
Network Connection Quality Indicators now added to the Roster
New icons added to the scoreboard and roster to indicate voice problems due to connection issues (NAT issues)
Added support for direct fireteam joins from the roster on the Xbox One
Inventory
Updated Spinmetal, Relic Iron, and Helium Filaments icons to better represent in-game visuals
Fixed and updated several inventory icons
Fixed and updated several talent tree icons
Audio

Improved audio cues for sticking others and being stuck with certain Grenades
Fixed an issue in which an audio cue would not play when completing a Bounty
Fixed an issue in which "Guardian down!" referenced the wrong gender in French, Spanish, and Portuguese
Technical

Added the ability for the Bungie DOC to send in-game alerts and messages
Fixed stability issues across all platforms
Fixed an issue that would cause a rare crash during space flight into activities
Improved patch installation process
Implemented PS3-specific performance optimizations
Fixed some issues causing beetle and lionfish Kicks to Orbit


Update 1.0.2.3. - Patch Notes
Summary
This update makes Destiny a more stable experience for all players. We're also changing the player experience in the Raid to ensure that the activity provides an endgame challenge that meets project goals for the intended level of difficulty.

General
Fixed an issue in which multiple errors reported with Zebra error codes
Errors previously reporting as Zebra will now display as their own separate codes
Fixed a rare issue related to being Kicked To Login repeatedly
Fixed a rare issue that resulted in a Kick To Orbit reported with the Cockatoo error code
Servers
Fixed an issue where some players would occasionally be erroneously kicked at the beginning of an activity due to a server error
Increased protection against account corruption
Raid
Fixed an issue where Atheon was not choosing random targets for teleport through the timestream during the final encounter on the Vault of Glass
Fixed an exploit where Atheon could be forced off his platform
More updates are to follow as we continue to support Destiny. Future enhancements being worked on include Exotic Weapon tuning, new features for voice communication between matchmade teammates, and the ability to hold more Bounties in your pocket at any time.



Hotfix - 10/14/2014
Summary
The most recent hotfix (1.0.2.2) for Destiny goes live on October 14th. This hotfix includes a number of changes to weapon balance across archetypes (e.g., lowering Auto Rifle effectiveness and increasing Scout Rifle damage output), specific weapons (Vex Mythoclast and Pocket Infinity) and includes a number of fixes to issues with the Templar encounter in the Vault of Glass.

We're still working on a larger update which will address under-performing Exotics and overall class balance.

General
Fixed a bug where the Valkyrie-O5X Ship was the same as the Aurora Lance
Classes
Titan
Unbreakable: Fixed an issue with the perk granting more agility than intended
Warlock
Brimstone: Perk can now activate if player is airborne
Weapons
General
Fixed some issues related to quick weapon swapping
Auto Rifles
Base Damage decreased by 2%
Reduced Precision Damage multiplier from 1.50 -> 1.25 (head shot bonus)
Stability decreased by 4% - 17% (driven by stat value)
Hand Cannons
In-air accuracy now increased
Scout Rifles
Base damage increased by 6%
Damage vs. Combatants increased by 6% - 25% (based on tier)
Improved target acquisition, plus additional recoil tuning.
Shotguns
Decreased base damage at maximum range (falloff) by 20%
Shot Package Perk now has a slightly wider cone of fire
The Rangefinder and Shot Package perks are now mutually exclusive
Exotic Weapons
Vex Mythoclast
Base Damage decreased by 34%
Increased Precision Damage multiplier from 1.25 -> 1.50 (headshot bonus)
Pocket Infinity
Enhanced Battery Perk has now been replaced with the Speed Reload Perk
Perks
Metal Detector: Fixed a bug that prevents this perk from actually providing additional ammo
Lightweight: Fixed a bug that allowed additional agility to apply even when a weapon was stowed
Activities
Strikes
Engram rewards from strikes now appear in the post-game Activity Summary
Raid - Vault of Glass
Templar Encounter
Kill volume added to sniper platforms to prevent players from sitting on top of them
Relic is now removed and respawned if the holder leaves the playable area
Destinations
The Fallen have also retreated from their hold over the Rocket Yard to discuss a new takeover plan


Hot Fix - 10/07/2014
NOTE:
The following update will be applied at approximately 7AM Pacific on Tuesday, October 7th. The maintenance window for this work will interrupt Destiny services for several hours. You will be unable to play the game during that time.

Summary
Most of the changes included in this update will improve the technology that enables players to connect to Destiny. The player experience will remain unchanged, aside from the stability for some users who have encountered issues connecting to servers.

Client fixes
Added more data logging for matchmaking systems
Improved connectivity failure handling to reduce beaver (Kick To Orbit events) KTOs
Improved logging of player disconnections
Internal tools fixes to speed up our release process
Fixes to the roster system to allow us to tune the frequency of roster updates on Xbox One
Fixed a bug that allowed users to quick scope on some weapons
Server Fixes
Security fixes
Server performance improvements
Fixes to reduce the frequency of some KTOs
Better logging to help diagnose connectivity problems
Fixes to some Centipede errors that were exclusive to specific player characters


Update 1.0.2 - Patch Notes
Summary:
With this patch, we address some widely-discussed concerns with how Engrams are earned and claimed. Strikes have become more rewarding, and the rewards gained from them are more predictable. Also affected is the rotation of maps that appear in the Crucible.

Cryptarch
Legendary (purple) engrams will always produce a Legendary quality item or higher
Note: Legendary engrams that exist in your inventory will change to Rare quality items when the patch is applied. However, decoding these engrams will still produce the same results as before
Rare (blue) engrams will always produce a Rare quality item or higher
Chance for Legendary gear increased
Materials: Ascendant Shards and Ascendant Energy promoted to Legendary quality (from Rare quality)
Rewards
Rare (Blue) and Legendary (Purple) Engram drops added to the potential rewards for:
Vanguard: Tiger Strike Playlist
Daily Heroic Missions (first time per day)
Weekly Heroic Missions (first time per week)
Known issues
When selecting a higher difficulty for daily missions, XP Bonus not show in the reward display
You will still get the XP bonus, you just won't see it in the UI
Crucible
Reduced time limit on Bastion and First Light in Control and Clash from 15 to 12 minutes, bringing them in line with non-vehicle maps in those playlists
Lowered weighting on Bastion and First Light in Control and Clash so they appear less often in those playlists


1.0.2 Patch Preview
The 1.0.2 patch will go live next week, and includes several changes to the Cryptarch and Engram experience. These changes guarantee that Engrams will always decode into items at or above the quality of an engram.

Only Engrams that drop after 1.0.2 are subject to this change.

Cryptarch Changes
Cayde-6 took the Cryptarch aside and showed him a sack of doorknobs. He decoded that mystery pretty quickly.

Legendary Engrams will always produce Legendary or better quality items, including Materials or Exotics
Rare Engrams will always produce Rare or better quality items
Rare engrams will have an increased chance to produce Legendary quality items
Activity Changes
Daily Heroics, Weekly Heroics, and Vanguard: Tiger Playlist activities will include Rare and Legendary Engrams in addition to their existing rewards
Item Changes
Ascendant materials have been promoted to Legendary to closer associate them with the gear they are used to upgrade
Legendary Engram items that exist in your inventory will be demoted to Rare quality when the patch goes live, so decode them while you can. But let's be honest--even if you don't, we all know they were blues already...


Hot Fix - 09/25/2014
Summary
In Hotfix 5, we made a few changes to reduce the effectiveness of a humbling number of economy exploits. Check out these Destiny Dev Notes to read a summary of our impressions since launch.

Activities
Missions
Reduced drop rate of engrams following a hard wipe [fixed in 1.0.1.4]
Queen's Wrath Event
Material rewards for dismantling Queen's Wrath gear will no longer provide ascendant materials, but missions will continue to drop Legendary items
World
Destinations
The Hive of the holy "Treasure Cave" have realized the futility of their endless assault on Skywatch and have retired to lick their wounds and plan their next attack.
Respawn timers for monster caves in Skywatch have been normalized to 40 seconds (increased from 6)
Respawn timers for monster caves in Forgotten Shore have been normalized to 40 seconds (increased from 10)
Respawn timers for monster caves in Ember Caves have been normalized to 40 seconds (increased from 10)
Respawn timers for monster caves in the Shattered Coast have been normalized to 40 seconds (increased from 10)
Respawn timers for monster caves in the Barrens have been normalized to 40 seconds (increased from 20)


Update 1.0.1.4 - Patch Notes
Summary:

The latest patch for Destiny reduces the difficulty of a number of activities, as well as fixes issues when completing the Vault of Glass.

Activities
Missions

Shrine of Oryx: Reduced difficulty by removing majors from Heroic tiers
Sword of Crota: Reduced difficulty by removing majors from Heroic tiers
Exclusion Zone: Reduced difficulty by removing majors from Heroic tiers
Raids

Dropping the relic at the end of the raid will no longer result in a team wipe. This will prevent players being stuck at a black screen after the raid
You will remain dead if you were dead when the mission ended. That will be addressed by a future patch
Armor

Hunter armor purchased from FWC has been changed to use the correct upgrade materials


Hot Fix - 09/14/2014
Not every update that you apply to Destiny will contain revolutionary changes to the player experience. As we support the world of Destiny beyond the launch, much of what we do behind the scenes will be dedicated to ensuring the services that support the game are stable.

Yesterday, we deployed an update that delivered the following refinements.

Engineering
Fixes for Xbox One bootflow issues
Changes in network configuration to improve stability
Fixes for issues causing game crashes
Events
Public Events should occur twice as frequently in public spaces
As we continue to support the Destiny Community, please keep talking to us about any issues you encounter on our Help forum.



Update 1.0.1 - Patch Notes
We used to build games that were pressed on discs, shipped to retailers, bought by consumers and then, in the months and years that followed, we'd support them the best we could. We updated playlists, made tuning changes, and developed new multiplayer maps.

With Destiny, we couldn't create a world that players want to live in by leveraging our old habits. We want to improve, grow and evolve Destiny in the coming weeks, months and - hopefully - years.

The hours you poured into the beta were instructive, the feedback you provided was heard, and the time you've spent with us so far is humbling.

Patch 1.0.1 won't be the last changes to Destiny. Our goal is to constantly improve the Live game. The game we hope is competing for your free time.

Work is already underway on upcoming patches. Some will contain new content, some will contain the next round of improvements, and some will undoubtedly react to issues that you - the playerbase - will uncover in the coming weeks.
We're just getting started.

Summary:
The Day One patch for Destiny contains a number of changes to Weapons, Builds, Talents, Maps, Activities, Achievements, Progression, game stability and UI.

Classes
General
Removed subclass locking from builds.
Adjusted the unlock order for all subclass trees.
Adjusted the cooldown ranges of armor stats (Intellect, Discipline, Strength).
Agility now has more impact to move speed and acceleration.
Titan
General
Catapult no longer has screen effects
STRIKER
Shoulder Charge now deals Arc damage instead of Kinetic
Lightning Grenade shock damage increased by 66% (base 60 to 100)
Amplify Super bonus-on-kill increased from 6% to 10%
Flashbang no longer disorients ultra combatants
Transfusion now has a 5-second cooldown before it can trigger again
Juggernaut shield is removed after jumping or sprinting for 6.5 seconds
DEFENDER
Ward of Dawn now immediately regenerates your health on activation
Hunter
GUNSLINGER
Golden Gun is now unable to overpenetrate through a Ward of Dawn shield
Incendiary Grenade detonation damage reduced by 18% (base 140 to 115)
Chain of Woe now grants an additional 5%, 10%, 15% bonus to reload speed
Gunslinger's Trance buff duration increased from 10 to 15 seconds.
BLADEDANCER
Arcbolt Grenade impact damage reduced by 17% (base 120 to 100)
Razor's Edge distance traveled slowed and reduced
Quickdraw now no longer requires a melee hit
Blink now cancels invisibility when used
Warlock
VOIDWALKER
Nova Bomb Vortex duration reduced from 5 to 3.5 seconds.
Nova Bomb Vortex effects now has displays for its victims.
Energy Drain impact damage increased by 10% (base 100 to 110)
Soul Rip super bonus on kill increased from 6% to 10% bonus
Vortex Grenade linger damage reduced by 50% (base 15 to 10) per tick
Surge now grants a bonus to reload and weapon-ready speed
Surge now activates when doing damage to an enemy instead of killing blow
Surge agility buff increased by 33% (base 10 to 13)
SUNSINGER
Firebolt Grenade impact damage reduced by 20% (base 100 to 80)
Flame Shield now activates when doing damage to an enemy instead of killing blow
Flame Shield now provides a small overshield
Solar Grenade linger damage reduced by 50% (base 15 to 10) per tick
Weapons
General
Removed weapon speed penalties from extended sprinting
Capped inventory to 999 rounds
Fixed several weapons that would display an incorrect magazine size
Swapping weapons from inventory now only takes 50% of the ammo in PvE
Perks
Return to Sender now procs more frequently by 15%
Range Finder bonus reduced by 4%
High Caliber Rounds damage to combatants increased by 67%
Assault Rifles
Reduced the base Damage of all Assault Rifles by 7%
Reduced the base Accuracy ranges by [14% to 25%], modified by weapon stat
Reduced the base Stability ranges by [8% to 80%], modified by weapon stat
Pulse Rifles
Increased the base Damage per bullet range by [2% to 17%], modified by weapon stat
Increased the base Stability range by [8% to 25%], modified by weapon stat
Reduced the base Rate of Fire by [8% to 19], modified by weapon stat
Scout Rifles
Reduced the base Damage of all Scout Rifles by 8%
Fixed an issue that broke the fx for explosive rounds
Hand Cannons
Increased the base Zoom of all Hand Cannons by 20%
Increased the base Damage per bullet range by [4% to 15%], modified by weapon stat
Increased the base Magazine size range by [8% to 20%], modified by weapon stat
Reduced the base Accuracy range by [75% to 100%], modified by weapon stat
Sniper Rifles
Increased the base Stability range by [6% to 100%], modified by weapon stat
Fusion Rifles
Fusion Rifle charging is now more reliable.
Shotguns
Improved Shotgun damage falloff networking.
Reduced base Damage per bullet range by [2% to 5%], modified by weapon stat
Reduced base Shotgun range by [1% to 7%], modified by weapon stat
HMGs
Improved HMG projectile networking.
Vehicles
General
Fixed audio dropouts from vehicles for local player.
Sparrow
Dodging while boosting is now easier to execute.
Cabal Interceptor
Reduced Rocket Rate of Fire from 1 to 1.5666 seconds per shot.
Reduced Rocket damage blast radius from 7 to 6 meters.
Reduced Rocket damage falloff curves so they are less effective at long rangers
Reduced Arming shape from 1 to 0.6 meters.
PVP
General
Crucible Marks drop rate increased from 2 to 3 for wins, 1 to 2 for losses.
Match completion XP and Glimmer awards increased.
Match completion can now award Engrams.
Playlists now unlock sequentially instead of based on character level.
Health numbers are now normalized at a 200 base value (up from 175) to be easier for players to calculate.
Ghost ammo collection disabled in all playlists.
'Crushing' voice-overs now plays properly when the game has 0:30 and 0:10 seconds remaining
Medals
Mark of the Unbroken minimum threshold increased from 7 to 15
Back in Action death streak threshold increased from 3 to 5
Heating Up medal removed to avoid spam and player confusion
Domination now only fires only once per domination zone per player
Domination medal score increased from 40 to 125
Game Types
Salvage
Salvage Zones now do not return to the most recent salvaged relic locations
Fixed a bug with Salvage probe offense points being given out incorrectly
Fixed spawn policy content that caused bad behavior on (PS3 only)
Maps
First Light

Pike spawns reduced from 4 to 3.
Interceptor spawns reduced from 2 to 1.
Interceptor spawn times reduced to 2 minutes.
Interceptor timer now does not start incrementing until after the game has started.
Blind Watch

Windmill now pumps approximately 14% less liters of waters per match from 3.5L to 3L.
Rusted Lands

Line-of-sight spawn influencers changed to reduce spawning near enemies.
Level-of-detail volumes adjusted for better performance on slower platforms.
Shores of Time

Playable space volumes adjusted to remove exploit zones
Level-of-detail volumes adjusted for better performance on slower platforms.
The Anomaly

Fixed a hole that let players see out of environment in the lower tunnel.
Bastion

Pike spawns reduced from 4 to 3.
Interceptor spawns reduced from 2 to 1.
Interceptor spawn timers reduced to 2 minutes.
Interceptor timer now does not start incrementing until after the game has started.
Exodus Blue

Added physics volume to keep players from getting on top of the giant hose reel near Control Zone A
Activities
Missions
Fixed an issue with Ishtar Collective Venus mission to enable the Vex Turret to drop Mind Cores for assisting players, instead of only killing blow players.
Strikes
Strikes now award increasingly more Vanguard Marks at higher levels.
Strikes now award significantly better Gear at lower levels.
Fixed an exploit using Ward of Dawn against Sepiks Prime
Raids
Raid condensed to two difficulty tiers, in order to get straight to the punishment. Levels adjusted.
Flawless Raider achievement cut, then un-cut, then cut, then un-cut, then declared immune to further cutting.
Destinations
World
Patrols award increased Vanguard reputation but no longer award Vanguard Marks.
Patrol VIP objectives brought in-line with other objectives, but still award additional reputation.
Treasure chest glimmer drop rate reduced, but added Materials to loot table.
Treasure chests now have a small chance to award large drops of additional Glimmer, Materials, Engrams, and Consumables.
Fixed various bugs where combatants were spawning in front of players
Fixed bugs where too many combatants were spawning during some instances of the Vex Block event
Combatants
Removed spurious XP bonuses for Fallen Captains, Hive Knights and Wizards, Vex Minotaurs, Cabal Centurions
Stealth Vandals should award XP now.
Acyclic Geometer's name now display properly.
Fixed Hydras to reward the correct loot for Patrol missions on Venus
Spidertank leg health reduced by 16% (base 3000 to 2520) per leg.
Vendors
Bounty introduction unlock moved from Level 6 to Level 4.
Bounty Leads will be sent to characters upon reaching various milestones.
Engram and Package tooltips now indicate what they can contain.
Packages earned from Faction reputation rewards now contain Glimmer instead of awarding XP.
Cryptarch reputation requirements to reach Rank 2 increased.
Cryptarch reputation earned from purchasing Engrams are greatly reduced.
Vanguard and Crucible Marks are now accruable beginning at Level 18.
Technical
Fixed an issue with skill distribution that caused convergence to take much too long.
Fixed an issue where players' skill rating was too often shifting negatively causing less than ideal matches.



